-

Changes to this Privacy Statement

The protection of consumer information, including Your Personal Information, is one the guiding principles behind Valero. Any modifications to this Privacy Statement will go into immediate effect after they have been posted on the Site and Services, as indicated by the “Last Updated” date at the beginning of this Privacy Statement.

-
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about this Privacy Statement, our practices with respect to this Site, the Services, the App, or your interaction with this Site, you can contact: Customer.Relations@valero.com.

All trademarks depicted are the intellectual property of their respective owners. Please see our Legal Notice & Terms of Use and the ValeroPay+ Mobile App Terms and Conditions for more information or contact us at Customer.Relations@valero.com.

-
Notice at Collection

Effective Date/Last Updated: February 5, 2025

This California Consumer Notice at Collection (“Notice”) describes the practices of Valero Marketing and Supply Company and its affiliates (collectively “Valero”) regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of the personal information of consumers who are California residents (“you” or “your”).

Personal Information. We have collected the categories of Personal Information from you in the last 12 months as described in the sections titled, “Consumer Information Collection – Website” and “Consumer Information Collection – ValeroPay+ Mobile App.”

Sources of Personal Information. The sources from which we collect Personal Information include directly from you when you interact with us, automatically from you when you use the Site or Services (for example, through cookies and other technologies) and from third parties, as described in the sections titled, “Consumer Information Collection – Website,” “Consumer Information Collection – ValeroPay+ Mobile App,” and “Collection of Consumer Information – Other Sources.”

Purposes for Processing Personal Information. We use the Personal Information we collect about you for the business purposes as described in the section titled, “How We Use Consumer Information.”

Disclosures of Personal Information. We disclose your Personal Information to the parties as described in the section titled, “Disclosure of Personal Information.”

Categories of Personal Information Sold or Shared (for Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising). We may have sold or shared certain categories of your Personal Information (as defined above). To opt-out of such sale or sharing, please see the section titled, “State Privacy Rights.”

Record Retention. We may retain each category of Personal Information for the length of time appropriate to our business relationship with you. We will retain such Personal Information for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purpose(s) for which it was collected, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws or regulations.

You may learn more about our privacy practices by visiting our Privacy Statement at https://www.valero.com/privacy-statement.

## Personal Data From the European Union

Where personal data from the European Union, including EEA countries, is collected on this site, it is processed in accordance with the above Privacy Statement to the extent that it applies. For further information about how Valero processes personal data from the European Union, please see the Valero Privacy Policy.