Skip to main content

# Privacy Policy

Effective Date: January 1, 2023

Last Updated: September 16, 2026 | PDF Copy | Update History and Previous Versions

### Welcome

Thank you for shopping at an Albertsons Companies Store! You clicked to get to this page, and we appreciate your interest in learning more about our privacy practices. While we would love you to read this entire privacy policy (please do, we want you to know what this means for you), we also understand that you may not have the time today. To make it easier for you to find how this policy impacts you and your information, we have broken it down into how you interact with our company and our banners. Hopefully, this helps you find your answer quickly.

### We are Albertsons Companies

We are Albertsons Companies, Inc., the parent holding company, and Albertsons Safeway LLC, including its subsidiaries and affiliated entities (“Company,” “we,” “us,” and “our”). Our banners serve customers, guests, and patients across the United States.

This Privacy Policy outlines how we collect, use, process, and share your Personal Data. Certain U.S. state privacy laws provide additional rights and require specific disclosures, which are described in the U.S. State Privacy Rights Supplement at the bottom of this Privacy Policy.

Personal Data

The Parking Lot

Entrance – Come on in

Coffee – Caffeination on the Go

Shopping & Aisle Browsing

Pharmacy

Pet Medicine

Deli & Bakery Counters

Wine, Beer & Spirits

Checking Out

Loyalty

Customer Service (In Store & Online)

Fuel

Events & Contests

At Home

Advertising

Cookies, Pixels & Other Online Tracking Technologies

Mobile

Using Artificial Intelligence (AI) Services to Find Products, Deals, and Ideas

Data Collection

Data Use

Data Sharing

Protecting Your Data

Data Storage & Processing

Privacy Choices & Rights

Policy Changes

U.S. State Privacy Rights Supplement

Contact Us - Privacy Office
#### Personal Data

What is Personal Data and why should you care about what we do with it? Let’s start with how we define Personal Data:

Personal Data is information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked – directly or indirectly – to you or your household.

So, what does that really mean? Personal Data is more than your name, address, and phone number - it includes all types of "identifiers" that can be linked to you. The crumbs of data connected to you when you create an account, purchase items, shop online, and share your preferences are all Personal Data. While we collect some of this information directly from you, a lot is collected behind the scenes. We use this information to better understand you as a shopper and your journey with us so that we can personalize your experience.

Deidentified Data

We may use or share data that has been deidentified, meaning it can no longer be reasonably linked to you. When we deidentify Personal Data, we use technical safeguards and maintain business processes to help prevent reidentification. Where we maintain deidentified data, we do not attempt to reidentify it and require recipients of that data to commit not to reidentify it or use it in ways that could link back to you.

Sensitive Personal Data
Some types of Personal Data, such as precise location or health and wellness information, may receive additional protections under certain laws. When appropriate, we will ask for your permission before processing this information. For example, our mobile app asks for your permission before using your precise location, and our Sincerely Health™ program uses your health information with your consent. You can change your preference or withdraw your consent at any time, as permitted by law.

We take your privacy seriously and apply these safeguards to responsibly use data in a way that supports better products, services, and innovation - without compromising your Personal Data.

#### The Parking Lot

In some of our store locations you may have noticed the signs in our parking lots related to our use of cameras. The cameras capture video and images of you, your vehicle, and others in our parking lot. They are there to keep an eye on the area, deter crime, and to help promote safety. In some states, our cameras may capture license plate information. Our asset protection team and others at our Company review the recordings and data throughout the year as part of our commitment to the community and to help keep the products you love in our stores.

You may also see that we have reserved Drive-Up & Go spots near the front of many of our stores (there are signs there too). When you take advantage of Drive-Up & Go, you simply place your order online, park in your designated spot at the estimated time, and let us know you have arrived. We may ask for your
name, vehicle information, and parking spot to make sure your groceries make it into your trunk. After your groceries are safely delivered to your vehicle, the information is retained for a limited period (just in case there was a mix up).

While we don’t regularly provide the information we capture in the parking lot to law enforcement, insurance carriers, and other third parties, from time to time we may be asked to do so. For more information on our data collection, use, and sharing practices in the parking lot, see Data Collection, Data Use, and Data Sharing.

California residents - you can read our Automated License Plate Reader Policy here.

#### Entrance – Come on in

We use cameras and other location-aware technologies at store entrances to help us understand customer traffic flow and volume, and to detect and respond to potential theft or safety issues. The cameras capture video and images of you as you shop. In some states, our cameras may capture biometrics (e.g., facial recognition technology). In these store locations, you may have noticed the signs in our entrance related to our collection of biometrics. Our asset protection team and others at our Company review the recordings and data throughout the year as part of our commitment to the community to promote safety, deter crime, and help keep the products you love in our stores.

In addition, you may also get to test drive our smart shopping carts in some places. These carts capture details about what products are in your cart and provide payment options to help speed up the checkout process.

As members of your community, your store may also have package storage lockers and other kiosks that support your delivery and entertainment needs. We do not receive your Personal Data from third party companies providing these options.

While we don’t regularly provide the information we capture as you walk through our stores to law enforcement, from time to time we may be asked to do so. For more information on our data collection, use, and sharing practices at the store entrance, see Data Collection, Data Use, and Data Sharing.

#### Coffee – Caffeination on the Go

We get it, sometimes you just need a little java to get shopping. That’s why some of our stores have coffee shops at the entrance. The limited Personal Data captured when you purchase your iced latte may be shared between the third party brand and Albertsons to help us better understand the service.

For more information on our data collection, use, and sharing practices at the coffee shops, see Data Collection, Data Use, and Data Sharing.

#### Shopping & Aisle Browsing

We have cameras in various locations throughout our stores. The cameras capture video and images of you as you shop. This technology helps us understand how traffic flows throughout our stores, monitor what’s on our shelves, and detect and respond to theft or safety, security, asset protection, operational, and customer service issues such as checkout lines, shelf availability, customer disputes, incidents, emergencies or spills on the floor.

You may have noticed that we’ve added screens in our stores. We wanted to enhance your shopping experience by providing in-store displays that highlight new deals, showcase products, provide recipes for inspiration, and keep you in the know of beneficial programs and services offered by your store. We use location-aware technologies to help ensure that content displayed in our stores is relevant to shoppers. These technologies may help us measure aggregate store sales lift and understand impressions, traffic patterns, and dwell times near in-store displays. We do not collect or store directly identifiable information or biometric data through this processing of location data. In some cases, location data may be associated with a device or other non-direct identifier for measurement and analytics purposes; however, we do not use that information to directly identify you or associate it with your name, contact information, or household.

Sometimes we may not have what you are looking for on our shelves. Don’t worry, we have alternative ways to get you what you need. Speak with a store associate or go online to check out broader availability and have the item delivered to your home from us or one of our third party vendors. To do this, we may need your name, email address, phone number, home address, and billing information to get you your items.

From time to time, we may offer some in-store games and activities. You may need a loyalty account to participate fully in these offerings. More details on these programs are available online, as you walk through our store, and at checkout.

We may also offer free in-store Wi-Fi to our loyalty members so that you can look up a recipe online, text someone for help, or generally surf the web. When you log into our Wi-Fi, we may capture your device’s MAC address, IP address, and unique device identifier such as a device name or assigned number, along with your loyalty account details. We may also receive the real-time location of your device while it is accessing the Wi-Fi. For more information on our guest Wi-Fi see our Wi-Fi terms and conditions.

If you choose to use our app and location-based services to navigate the aisles or find products in our stores, then we may receive real-time location and motion data via Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, and/or your mobile device to orient you in the store and to inform you of deals near you. Motion data uses your phone's sensors to help with the accuracy of your location within the store, like what level you are on or what aisle you are browsing. It is your choice whether you share this data and you can enable or disable this through your device or in the app at any time.

For more information on our data collection, use, and sharing practices at checkout, see Checking Out.

For more information on our data collection, use, and sharing practices in the aisles, see Data Collection, Data Use, and Data Sharing.

#### Pharmacy

Feed two birds with one scone, and drop off or pick up your scripts while you shop. The Personal Data we capture when you are at the pharmacy counter, by your pharmacists and telehealth professionals, and within our pharmacy systems is generally protected health information (PHI) covered under HIPAA. If you’ve been to a doctor, you may be familiar with these terms, but we wanted to break it down a little more clearly for you here. As your pharmacy health care provider, we have access to your prescription, the related Personal Data (e.g., name, date of birth), prescription and immunization history, and profile information to fulfill your pharmacy order. We may also have access to other health-related information you, your doctor, or your insurance carrier provide to us.

This information is most often used to fill your prescriptions, provide you with health care information or services, or contact you with questions and respond to your inquiries about our pharmacy services.

When you come to pick up your prescription you will be asked to verify either your name and birthdate or the name and birthdate of the person for whom you have authorized to pick up the prescription. This information is needed to provide you with the medications you are purchasing. As a reminder, please be respectful of those at the pharmacy counter. While our pharmacy associates work hard to keep your PHI confidential, we ask that you keep your distance from other patients undergoing a pharmacist consultation, dropping off or picking up their prescription, or receiving other pharmacy-related or health related services.

You can also easily schedule appointments for immunizations and manage your prescriptions through the pharmacy experience in the Sincerely Health™ app or online. Each time you go into our pharmacy area for a vaccine you will be asked to fill out a vaccine authorization form. You will be asked for your name, birthdate, contact information, and some health-related information (additional information may be needed for Medicare participants including Social Security Number). For your convenience, you may also be able to access your vaccination records digitally by downloading your Smart Health Card via your mobile device or online. You will be asked to verify your identity by entering your name, birthdate, and phone number.

PHI collected and/or maintained by our pharmacies is subject to our HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices, which more specifically explains how we may use or disclose PHI. You can find a copy of this notice here, at your local pharmacy, or by requesting a copy directly from the Privacy Office (see the “How to Contact Us”).

#### Pet Medicine

Sometimes your dog Fiona needs some medicine to feel better or live a healthier life. When you fill a pet prescription at our pharmacy there is some information that we need to collect about every pet parent. You will be asked for your name, birthdate, and pet’s name. If you and Fiona don’t already have a pet profile in our system you will also need to provide your phone number, address, and insurance information (if relevant) to complete your profile. We use that information to fill your pet’s prescription, contact you with questions, and respond to your inquiries about the medication (although the benefits to your pet should be discussed with your veterinarian).

For more information on our data collection, use, and sharing practices for your pet, see Data Collection, Data Use, and Data Sharing.

#### Deli & Bakery Counters

Special events sometimes call for delicious Albertsons’ goodies, whether that be a cake, a meat/cheese/nuts/fruit spread sometimes called a charcuterie board (char·cu·te·rie - hard to say, but so yummy), or anything else that catches your eye. When you place your order we may capture your name, phone number, email address and the name, message, or photo you want added to a bakery item (for example, Happy Birthday Sam). We use this information to fulfill your order and prepare it for pick up.

Also, keep your eyes out for kiosks near our deli (in some locations). You may use these kiosks to enter your deli order. Log in with your loyalty account or order as a guest with your name and phone number, place your order, then continue shopping and we'll alert you when your order is ready.

For more information on our data collection, use, and sharing practices at the deli and bakery counters, see Data Collection, Data Use, and Data Sharing.

#### Wine, Beer & Spirits

In some locations (depending on where you live), we may sell wine, beer and spirits in our stores. To provide you with these items we must check your driver's license (or acceptable form of ID) and date of birth to ensure that you are legally permitted to purchase those items (we posted signs letting you know that we card). We may also digitally scan your ID in some locations as part of our alcohol and spirits compliance protocol. The information captured from your license is kept for 60 days, unless a shorter or longer retention period is required by law or special circumstances require us to keep it longer. The information collected is not used for our marketing purposes.

In addition, some of our stores may have special concierge or marketing lists tailored to wine, beer and spirit aficionados. To participate you may be asked for your name, email address, phone number, wine preferences, and other information to tailor the program to your preferences. We use this information to update you on deals, events, and other wine, beer and spirit-related promotions.

For more information on our data collection, use, and sharing practices as you purchase wine, beer and spirits, see Data Collection, Data Use, and Data Sharing.

#### Checking Out

Whether you check out with a store associate, complete your order online, use self-checkout or one of our other seamless checkout options, there is certain information we collect from you to process your transaction and get your groceries to your fridge and pantry. Depending on the method used to purchase, we may collect your name, email address, shipping address, phone number, store location, purchase information, and payment information. In addition, if you are a loyalty member enjoying the additional benefits of membership (e.g., greater rewards and discounts), we capture your loyalty account information see Customer Service (In Store & Online) Loyalty for additional information.

There are also cameras that we use to analyze lines and monitor the checkout area to detect potential theft. These cameras may capture your image. While we don’t regularly provide the information from our cameras to law enforcement or other third parties, from time to time we may choose or be required to do so.

For more information on our data collection, use, and sharing practices at checkout, see Data Collection, Data Use, and Data Sharing.

#### Loyalty

We love being part of your community and supporting you. So, we created a loyalty program that helps maintain our relationship and strengthen your loyalty to our family of stores by delivering an elevated shopping experience personalized to you. Our loyalty program offers a seamless experience in and out of our stores through many engagement opportunities, including through our pharmacy and health and wellness app (Sincerely Health™), and benefits during and between your weekly shopping trips – hoping to make your experience feel easy, exciting, and friendly.

When you sign up for a loyalty account, we may collect your name, email, phone number, and ask you to create a password. You can enter other details, such as your birthday month and day (we may just surprise you with a birthday treat). If you want to shop online and get groceries delivered to you, we will ask for payment details and delivery address. Outside of what you provide to us directly, we also collect data about your shopping preferences and interests and how you interact with us - at our stores (in store and online) and on our apps. We collect and use this data to operate and improve the loyalty program and to provide you with relevant and personalized offers, discounts, promotions, and recommendations. We may also use it to help create a more tailored shopping experience for you.

Some offers or program benefits may require additional information to confirm eligibility, such as information about your job, student status, and other information that is program specific. We or a third party may also need to collect and/or share those details to offer or verify your eligibility.

For more information on our data collection, use, and sharing practices as part of loyalty, see Data Collection, Data Use, and Data Sharing.

For more information on our data collection, use, and sharing practices as part of our app, see Mobile.

Colorado residents—see the Colorado section below for additional loyalty program notice details.

#### Customer Service (In Store & Online)

Refunds and Complaints

Our commitment to service doesn't end once you leave the store. Whether you are dealing with a missing product, not entirely satisfied with your experience, or have other comments or questions, you can reach our customer support center by phone, chat, or sending us a message online. Depending on the specific issue, we may need to collect information from you to look into the matter and respond, such as your name, loyalty card or phone number used at checkout, and other relevant contact information. Sometimes you may just want a refund, in that case we will need to collect transaction data and your payment information. If you decide to call us, the call may be recorded, and your voice may be captured as part of that recording. If you decide to chat with us online, our chatbot is AI-powered and may collect, store, and disclose information to third parties and service providers that help us operate the chatbot, provide support services, and show personalized content and ads so we may enhance your experience.

For more information on our data collection, use, and sharing practices for customer support, see Data Collection, Data Use, and Data Sharing.

Money Transfers & Money Order Services

Sometimes you need to transfer or receive funds, some of our stores have partnered with a third party to allow you to do so when you shop with us. To use this service, you may be asked for your name, birthdate, social security number, address, occupation, and license (or valid ID). This information may be maintained by us or our third party partner that enables the transaction (the personal data provided to the third party partner is governed by their privacy policy).

Carding for Tobacco Products

Tobacco products are subject to age restrictions, meaning we must check your license (or valid ID) and date of birth to ensure that you are legally permitted to purchase those items (we have posted signs letting you know that we card). In some locations, we may also digitally scan your license as part of our compliance protocol. The information captured from your license is kept for 60 days, unless a shorter or longer retention period is required by law or special circumstances require us to keep it longer. The information collected is not used for marketing purposes.

For more information on our data collection, use, and sharing practices as part of our Customer Service support, see Data Collection, Data Use, and Data Sharing.

#### Fuel

As a member of our loyalty program, you can earn and redeem rewards for discounts at the pump with our partnering fuel stations (where we own and operate them, or when run by a third party partner). To administer the gas rewards, we will use your transaction data to keep track of the available reward points and to adjust your balance after each use. When you enter your loyalty number at the pump, we will confirm that you are an Albertsons loyalty member and send information on the points available back to your pump so that you can redeem them.

Where you enable location services, we may collect real-time location details to help provide that functionality, such as searching for the nearest store fuel station and redeeming fuel rewards.

Our third party fuel station partners may also have their own apps where you can link your Albertsons gas rewards balance. If you allow it, then our fuel reward partners may have the ability to validate your loyalty number and the points available through their apps. Any data collected on these apps is subject to those partners’ privacy terms.

For more information on our data collection, use, and sharing practices at the pump, see Data Collection, Data Use, and Data Sharing.

#### Events & Contests

As a recipe for success, we are constantly looking for ways to better engage with you and bring you opportunities to learn and have fun. In some locations, we offer special in-store events (who doesn’t love National Donut Day), live and virtual classes, promotions, and sweepstakes. We may collect Personal Data such as information requested as part of the registration, typically your name and contact information, as well as transaction-related details tied to a particular promotion or sweepstake. Information collected will be used to manage attendees and contact you regarding the event or class or if you have won a prize or promotion.

For more information on our data collection, use, and sharing practices for events and contests, see Data Collection, Data Use, and Data Sharing.

#### At Home

FreshPass®

FreshPass® is a subscription grocery delivery program offered to our loyalty members. We can’t deliver the seasoning you forgot at the store if we don’t first gather some information from you, such as the basket information for your online order, your payment details, and delivery address. To get you cooking, we sometimes use third parties to deliver your items, in which case we will need to share your delivery address and contact information with them so that your items can make it to your door.

For more information on our data collection, use, and sharing practices for delivery, see Data Collection, Data Use, and Data Sharing.

Pharmacy Delivery

Where permitted by law, we may provide prescription delivery from your local store. If you're interested in home delivery, you can request pharmacy delivery through our mobile app, at the pharmacy, or by calling your local pharmacy. To fulfill the delivery request, we will need to collect your name, delivery address, payment details, and contact information. Once the prescription is ready for delivery, the medication is packaged in tamper-proof packaging, and Albertsons’ delivery partner is notified. Your payment will be processed by the pharmacy for the delivery fee, when applicable, prior to delivery to your door.

Our delivery partner works with trained drivers to deliver the prescriptions while protecting private patient information. The drivers use a special app that tracks their progress and sends live text updates to you when your prescription is out for delivery. When they get there, you or your authorized representative must sign for the prescription.

For more information on our data collection, use, and sharing practices for delivery, see Data Collection, Data Use, and Data Sharing.

Third Party Grocery Delivery and Pick-Up Services

Life gets busy; we get it. That's why we've partnered with third party grocery delivery and pick-up services to make shopping for your groceries with us that much easier. Now instead of hopping between apps, there are even more ways that you can shop with us. If you still want to use a third party app to shop with us, the collection of Personal Data will be subject to their privacy policies.

In some cases, you may have the option to link your loyalty account within the third party app to receive your loyalty program benefits, or create a loyalty account without having to leave the third party app. If you do so, we will typically receive details on your basket (what you ordered from our stores) and perhaps some basic demographic information (typically your name and contact information). But before this information gets sent to us, the third parties will usually inform you of what will be transferred, and you will have the choice to opt-in.

For more information on our data collection, use, and sharing practices for delivery and pick-up services, see Data Collection, Data Use, and Data Sharing.

#### Advertising

Personalized Advertising

Personalized advertising means showing you ads based on your Personal Data collected from your activity over time and across other websites, apps, or services. It’s different from ads that are only based on your current visit, search, or interaction with us.

We may use your purchase history, online interactions across websites that you visit, in-store activity, and devices you use to predict your preferences and show you promotions and ads that are likely of interest to you. To provide relevant content and offers, we, and our third party brands and advertising partners, may use information collected from you and about you to help:

- Recognize your computer as a previous visitor and save and remember any preferences that you may have while you were visiting one of our websites or a co-branded website and when you view one of our ads.

- Customize the content that you are shown while visiting our websites and potentially other websites.

- Improve the quality and presentation of our content, websites, and advertisements.

- Personalize your user experience.

Just like watching dough rise in the oven, we keep an eye on our websites, apps, and ads to see how they are doing by measuring performance and the effectiveness of the ads and content. You can manage your preferences through our privacy choices or through a recognized universal opt-out signal.

Third Party Promotions and Advertisements

We may work with third party brands and advertising partners to show you relevant ads, offers, and promotions. These partners help us deliver ads, understand how those ads perform, generate insights, and help prevent fraud. When content from third party brands is shown to you, we work to protect your privacy. How does this work?

- Third Party Brand puts together a list of desired demographics and interests for audiences they want to reach to sell a product or generally raise awareness about their product or company.

- We match that list against groupings we have created or can create about our customers. For example, customers who have purchased ketchup in the last six months, shop for organic products, or who have shown an interest in baking. These groupings may be shared with a third party to provide a promotion or advertisement.

- Audience groupings may be created using aggregated, pseudonymized, deidentified, or otherwise privacy-enhanced information depending on the advertising service being provided.

- We'll show the requested content from the third party to the selected audience on our website or on a relevant platform once we find a match. Typically, this does not require us to share your direct identifying information with these third party brands, websites, or platforms.

- We may also send messages that feature or are branded by third party advertisers, suppliers, or other partners to an audience grouping we create.

When a third party brand wants to measure how well their ads and content are working on our website or relevant platform, they may ask for a report. The data we provide is in an aggregated format, meaning we don't include individual details. So, instead of saying "John Smith and Jane Doe viewed the ad," we would report that 75% of visitors saw the ad.

Sometimes companies that show ads on websites, apps, or other platforms collect information from your browsers or devices using cookies or other online tracking technologies. In some instances, those third party brands may do their own measurement through relationships with their own service providers and third parties. We may also partner with third parties to help us better understand shoppers, to personalize marketing, and to provide data analytics services, including using pseudonymized or deidentified data to create lookalike models. We may use privacy-focused data technologies, like clean rooms, to measure advertising performance, understand audiences, and generate insights while helping to protect personal data.

For more information on our data collection, use, and sharing practices for Advertising, see Cookies, Pixels & Other Online Tracking Technologies and Data Collection, Data Use, and Data Sharing.

#### Cookies, Pixels & Other Online Tracking Technologies

We use cookies, pixels, and other tracking technologies to collect and store information about your interactions with our website and app, including information about your browsing behavior. Our website and app also support third party cookies, pixels, and other tracking technologies placed by our service providers and third parties, including those placed by our advertising partners. This means that service providers and advertising partners can collect and use information regarding your interactions with our website, app, and advertisements as further detailed below.

What are these technologies? These cookies, pixels, and other online tracking technologies are not the delicious cookies we sell in our bakery, but a piece of code that lets us or another party recognize you and your device and remember certain information about your browsing behavior. For example, to count users who have visited certain pages, to understand usage patterns, and for some third parties to support ads and websites that we own.

In general, we use cookies, pixels, and other tracking technologies as follows:

- Where necessary to run our website

- To optimize the functionality of our website

- For analytics purposes

- For purposes of targeted advertising and marketing

For example, cookies, pixels, and other online tracking technologies help us with security, to prevent fraud, to remember visitors to our website and app, to pre-fill information for you on forms and searches, and to better understand our website’s and app’s performance. These technologies also help us and third party brands deliver ads that are more relevant to you, and help us understand the effectiveness of those ads.

We understand that cookies, pixels, and other online tracking technologies aren't for everybody, and you have options.

You may have noticed a message pop up when you first visited our website. You might also notice the cookie icon in the bottom, left-hand corner of our website. If you click to manage your settings, you can control some of the cookies while you are on our website. Not all cookies can be turned off – for example, some are necessary for our website to function or may be used in ways where applicable privacy laws do not require an opt out. You can also adjust your browser settings to refuse cookies before accessing our website. Different browsers have different cookie-blocking features, so please review your browser’s Help Menu for instructions. We also recognize browser-based or device-based universal opt-out signals, such as Global Privacy Control, as requests to opt out of cookie-based sale, sharing, and targeted advertising activity on our website for that browser or device. Your cookie choices and universal opt-out signal apply only to the browser and device you are using and only affect cookie-based activity on this website. Managing cookies or sending a universal opt-out signal does not submit a broader request to opt out of the sale or sharing of Personal Data. To submit a broader opt-out request, please use our privacy request form.

We honor browser-based opt-out preference signals, including Global Privacy Control (GPC). Consumers may also exercise advertising preferences directly with participating advertising companies through industry tools such as the Digital Advertising Alliance's WebChoices program or through individual advertising platforms such as Google Ads Settings.

For more information on our data collection, use, and sharing practices, including through cookies, pixels, and other online tracking technologies, see Data Collection, Data Use, and Data Sharing.

#### Mobile

We understand that life happens, and it is not always easy to get to the store. For those occasions, we have an app to make shopping more convenient to get the groceries that you need when you need it, to find deals, and access other features on your mobile device. Download our app in the app store - we have an app for each of our store brands that we refer to as the “[Banner] Deals & Delivery” (e.g., “Albertsons Deals & Delivery ,” “Safeway Deals & Delivery ,” “Randalls Deals & Delivery ,” etc.) or “Shop [Banner]” (e.g., “Shop United Supermarkets”).

Once you download it you will be asked to sign up for a loyalty account by providing either your phone number or email address, but you can choose to continue as a guest. Users and guests may be asked to share your location or zip code so that we can provide services relevant to your area and to find the nearest location, for more information see the Location section below.

Once you start using our app, we may also collect data about your shopping preferences and how you interact with us. We use that information to support the services you are requesting and to improve the app experience. We may also use your device’s mobile advertising identifiers (unique IDs tied to your mobile device) to deliver ads and to see how they perform. But, similar to cookies, you have choices and can go to your device settings and turn off the sharing of this data.

For more information on our data collection, use, and sharing practices for mobile, see Data Collection, Data Use, and Data Sharing.

Health and Wellness

Health and wellness and how to define success is your personal journey. To help along the way, we offer Sincerely Health™, a health and wellness mobile app experience, to help support our customers and patients on their health and wellness path. You can even earn “healthy points” that can be redeemed for grocery savings.

For those who choose to use it, you start by creating an individual authenticated Sincerely Health™ profile within the grocery app (click on Health or Pharmacy icons within the grocery app), which collects health, wellbeing, and similar information. How you engage with it and the amount of data you choose to share is up to you. If you decide to use Sincerely Health™, the information collected may include your height, weight, date of birth, sex, survey responses to questions about your daily behaviors, lifestyle, and other similar details to measure your health score and offer a personalized experience (like recommending goals and recipes that align with your objectives).

You can then choose to provide other details (or instruct wearable device operators or mobile app providers to provide additional details) such as certain contact information, health data, and activity data to maximize the app and take advantage of other features (like earning rewards for your health and wellness path).

We may disclose your Sincerely Health™ data to our service providers and processors to provide the features and functionalities offered within the Sincerely Health experience and to help provide a requested product or service, but we do not sell or share Sincerely Health™ data with third parties unless we obtain your consent or believe that doing so is necessary to comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process, including legal process, emergency response, or certain business transfers.

If you manage your prescriptions or pharmacy services through the website or app, see the Pharmacy section for more details about how we safeguard protected health information.

CT, WA, NV residents, see our Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy for details about collection and use of Sincerely Health™ data.

For more information on our data collection, use, and sharing practices for mobile, see Data Collection, Data Use, and Data Sharing.

Location

Where you enable location services, we may collect real-time location and motion details to help provide the requested functionality, such as searching for the nearest store, pharmacy, or fuel station, heading to pick up a Drive-Up & Go order, using fuel rewards, or navigating our stores.

We may use or share this information to determine the relevancy and effectiveness of the location services we provide to our customers. Don’t worry, if you don’t want to share your location with us, you can adjust your permissions in your mobile device settings and within the app.

For more information on our data collection, use, and sharing practices for mobile, see Data Collection, Data Use, and Data Sharing.

#### Using Artificial Intelligence (AI) Services to Find Products, Deals, and Ideas

We may work with third party AI services, such as ChatGPT and similar tools, to help you find our products, meal ideas, recipes, weekly deals, store information, and other shopping information.

If you choose to use one of these AI services to interact with us, such as by installing the plugin, we may share information about you with the AI service to provide the features you request. This may include your shopping preferences, shopping activities, and interactions with us. We may use this information to better understand your interests and personalize the recommendations you receive. For example, you may use an AI service to get dinner ideas, build a grocery list, find products for a special occasion, see offers that may interest you, or find a nearby store. The AI service may use this information to provide recommendations, suggestions, or other responses. These responses may also include links to our website or app, where you can learn more, shop, or check product availability.

Information you share directly with a third party AI service - such as questions, prompts, or conversations - is subject to that AI service’s privacy policy and terms. We encourage you to review those policies before using the service and to avoid sharing sensitive personal information, including health information, in conversations with these third party AI services. If you visit our website or app from an AI service, we will handle information collected on our website or app as described in this Privacy Policy.

#### Data Collection

As you’ve read, we collect Personal Data as part of the services we provide to understand you as a shopper, personalize your experiences with us, and to help us make business decisions. The data collected is reasonably necessary and proportionate to provide our products and services, operate our business, comply with legal obligations, prevent fraud and security incidents, honor your choices, and support the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. We also collect your Personal Data in a variety of ways, but broadly there is information you give to us directly, the information we collect automatically or by observation from you, and finally, information we get about you from third parties. We’ve consolidated the list below to highlight the types of data we capture. This includes:

Personal Data we collect from you

We provide a variety of ways for you to shop and engage with us and others. For example, you can join our loyalty program, use seamless checkout, place orders online, subscribe to delivery services, participate in contests, sweepstakes, and promotions, take advantage of our Sincerely Health™ offerings, and more. Our customer service team is also available through the website or app, by phone, email, or postal mail to address your questions or concerns. To provide these services and engagement opportunities, we will need to collect some Personal Data. This includes:

- Name and Contact Details (address, email, and phone number)

- Your Loyalty ID created when you sign up for our loyalty program

- Demographic and Lifestyle Information when you sign up for our loyalty program, Sincerely Health™, and use our other services (age, date of birth, gender, food preferences, etc.)

- Medical and Health Information when you use our pharmacy or our Sincerely Health™ offerings

- Driver’s License Number or government-issued ID when you purchase age-restricted items

- Job or student status when you take advantage of specially tailored promotions and discounts for our loyalty members (e.g., student, teacher, military, first responder discounts)

- Payment Details (when you shop in stores, order online or subscribe to our delivery services)

- Customer Accounts/Commercial information such as products or services purchased

- Sensory information such as voice recordings/messages, images, visual recordings of consumers in stores and other personal details (when you contact us, leave reviews, participate in feedback or focus groups, or respond to surveys)

- Characteristics such as race and ethnicity, ancestry, national origin, religion, medical condition, sex, mental or physical disability, and other demographic data when you use our Order Ahead special occasions or celebration services (if you choose to share what holiday or occasion you're celebrating with us), pharmacy, and Sincerely Health™ offerings (if you choose to provide this information)

- Posts, Reviews, and Ratings (when you post a review, comment, or leave a rating on our website, social media pages, or other user generated content on our websites or mobile services)

See our HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices for additional details regarding how we may use or disclose PHI. You can find a copy of this notice here.

Personal Data we collect automatically when you use our services

We also collect information about you when you use our services, whether that is visiting our stores, using our app, or browsing our website. The types of information we collect include:

- Online Activity and Browsing Behavior while on our website or app, which we use cookies, pixel tags, software development kits (SDKs) and other similar technologies to automatically collect information about your interaction with our website, app, and communications you receive from us. This information includes links clicked, page views, purchases, searches, features used, items viewed, time spent on the website, app, or communications and ads or coupons clicked

- Device Information across your different devices to help us personalize and be more consistent with what we serve to you (IP address, browser type, mobile device and advertising ID, operating system, carrier, language, and similar information)

- Location and Motion Information (to help you find the nearest store or pharmacy, use special mobile features such as finding items or map of the store in some locations, to determine whether to provide you with content, deals, notices, or other information, and to understand the relevancy and effectiveness of our location-based services, including through our in-store displays)

- Clearly observable physical characteristics or attributes that are visible in recorded footage.

- Inferences derived from personal data/profiling such as your purchase preferences, interests, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes (to improve the way offers are made based on the purchasing decisions of our customers and improving the interactions visitors have with our Services). For example, we want to offer you relevant content including product recommendations

Store Cameras

You can find our cameras in the store, and in some locations, in our parking lot. We use these cameras for both security and operational purposes, such as measuring traffic patterns, analyzing wait times in lines, and other analytical ways to help us improve our business.

You may also see smart carts in our stores, which use cameras and sensors to tally items as you grab them off the shelf and place them in your cart. As an added bonus, you can pay through the cart and skip the checkout lines.

Personal Data we collect from another store banner

Our banners serve customers, guests, and patients across the United States. We may collect information about you from another store banner within our family of companies, such as ACME, Jewel Osco, Safeway, and United (see We are Albertsons Companies, Inc., section for a listing of our store banners).

Personal Data we collect from Others

We may receive information about you from others, such as marketing and Ad Tech partners, data analytics and enrichment providers, consumer research providers, public databases, and businesses that support co-branded offerings (for example, a co-branded credit card). The personal data shared with us from these companies help deliver personalized ads on Albertsons owned and third party websites and mobile services, help us correct or add to our records which improves the way we personalize our services, increases the relevance of advertising, helps us to prevent or detect fraud, or helps us offer co-branded products, services, or promotions. For example, we may receive information from a third party that a phone number has been reassigned since it was provided to us, that you may be interested in outdoor activities, or that you have recently moved so that we can update our records. Generally, the collection, use, and sharing of your information (including with us) is governed by the other company's privacy notice, and not this Privacy Policy.

If you use a third party for shopping (we get it, sometimes we want groceries instantly or dashed right to our door) you may be given the option to link their app within your “[Banner] for U™” account (i.e., “Albertsons for U™,” “Safeway for U™,” “Randalls for U™,” etc.). If you choose to link your accounts then those third parties may share data with us and we may share data with them so that we can provide better offers, surveys, and special promotions.

We may receive information from our service providers or processors who provide services on our behalf, such as those used to fulfill orders, process your payments and requests, verify your information, monitor activity on our services, provide analysis and analytics, maintain databases, administer and monitor emails and marketing, administer and send mobile messages, serve ads on this and other services, and provide consulting services. For example, a delivery service provider may need to collect a signature from you when they drop-off your items and provide that back to us for our records, or our service provider that sends emails or mobile messages may need to tell us that messages were undeliverable so we can stop sending messages to an old email or phone number.

We may also receive information from government entities and other public sources for crime prevention, public safety, and the like.

Third Party Account and Platform Data

When you choose to connect a third party account, platform, or service to our application, we may access and use information from that account only as necessary to provide, maintain, secure, and improve the specific application features or services you request or use.

We do not use such information for targeted advertising, marketing, sale, data enrichment, profiling, or other purposes unrelated to providing or improving those requested features or services. We do not disclose such information to third parties except to service providers acting on our behalf to support those features or services, as required by law, or with your consent.

Personal Data you provide to us about others

You may also provide us information about family members, friends, or others, such as when you refer a friend to join our loyalty program, share your shopping list, or provide the name and contact information for someone who will pick up your groceries.

Children's Information

While children are welcomed guests and patients, our online Services and loyalty program are not directed to children. We do not knowingly collect Personal Data online from children under the age of 13. If we learn that a child under 13 has provided us Personal Data online, we will take steps to delete it as required by applicable law.

We do not sell or share Personal Data of consumers we know to be minors, or process such Personal Data for targeted advertising or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects.

#### Data Use

There are many ways that we use data, check out the other sections of the Privacy Policy where we provide contextual examples throughout our store, online, and at delivery. Generally, we use Personal Data to:

- Process and complete your transactions including, as applicable, order confirmation, billing, enrollment in our loyalty or other programs, and delivering products or Services.

- Provide customer service, including responding to your requests or inquiries.

- Personalize your experience with content and offers that are tailored to you, including special offers from other companies or other offers, promotions, and discounts based on your loyalty account and shopping preferences.

- Provide advertising and marketing services, including personalized advertising.

- Provide co-branded products, services, or promotions.

- Provide you with newsletters, articles, product or service alerts, new product or service announcements, savings awards, event invitations, and other information.

- Include you in market research, surveys, promotions, sweepstakes, and contests.

- Improve the way offers are made based on the purchasing decisions of our customers and improving the interactions visitors have with our Services.

- Develop, train, test, operate, and improve artificial intelligence, machine learning, automated, or similar technologies, including technologies provided by our service providers, for our business purposes and to improve our products, services, customer experiences, operations, security, fraud prevention, analytics, and personalization, in accordance with applicable law.

- Evaluate your shopping experience or existing products and Services or to create new items.

- Alert you about a product safety announcement or recall or correction of an offer, promotion, or advertisement.

- Keep a record of our interactions with you if you place an order or otherwise deal with our representatives over the telephone, online, or through the mail.

- Verify and validate your identity or otherwise prevent, investigate, or provide notice of fraud, unlawful or criminal activity, or unauthorized access to or use of Personal Data, and our website or data systems.

- Comply with our legal obligations and protect our legal rights, including complying with law enforcement or governmental authority requests, participating in judicial proceedings, investigating, establishing, exercising, or defending legal claims, responding to requests from third parties based on their statutory rights against us (IP infringement, piracy, other unlawful activity) and investigating potentially fraudulent activity.

- Interact with you when you contact us as a vendor or on behalf of another business.

- Enable you to interact with content service providers, whether by linking to their sites, viewing their content within our online environment, or by viewing our content within their online environment.

- Create aggregated, pseudonymized, anonymized, or deidentified information for any lawful purpose, including analytical, statistical, research, operational, product-development, and business purposes, which may be shared with third parties as permitted by applicable law.

- To carry out any other purpose described to you at the time the personal data was collected.

- As permitted by applicable laws including for enforcing our Terms of Use, other agreements and policies.

#### Data Sharing

In order to provide our grocery and pharmacy services and all of the other things that we have outlined in this Privacy Policy, we do share some of your Personal Data. In some cases, we couldn’t provide those services without sharing your Personal Data.

Third Party Sharing

We may share Personal Data with the types of third parties listed below to support the activities described in this Privacy Policy. If we share your Personal Data with other third parties, we will let you know at the time of collection unless the law allows or requires otherwise.

These third parties may include, for example, “Analytics & Advertising Partners” that help us understand how people use our websites and ad platforms that show personalized promotions, typically without receiving your direct identifying information. “Social Networks” may receive limited information if you interact with our content on their platforms. We require these partners to protect your data and use it only for the reasons we specify or as otherwise permitted by law.

- Our Subsidiaries. Our subsidiary entities may also collect and share the Personal Data described in this Privacy Policy with their parent, subsidiary, and affiliate entities for use in the ways described in this policy.

- Service Providers or Processors. We may disclose your Personal Data to our service providers or processors to help handle parts of our business because of their expertise, resources, or scale. They help us do things like fulfill orders, process your payments and requests, verify your information, monitor activity on our Services, provide analysis and analytics, maintain databases, administer and monitor emails and marketing, administer and send mobile messages, serve ads on this and other services, provide consulting services, and otherwise perform actions consistent with the uses described above. We may also use them to host our sites, microsites, mobile sites, and mobile applications, conduct market research, or send you information regarding our products or Services or those of other companies with whom we conduct business.

- Ad Tech Companies and other Providers. We may share with or make limited personal data available to Ad Tech companies and other online tracking providers. The type of information shared with Ad Tech companies and other providers may include unique identifiers (e.g., cookies and similar technologies), device information, geolocation, and other online activity information.

- Co-Branded Offerings. We may offer co-branded products, services, or promotions in cooperation with other businesses. If you choose to participate in a co-branded offering, we may share Personal Data with the applicable co-brand partner to determine if you qualify for a particular product or service offering and to administer the offering and for other purposes described in this Privacy Policy. Personal Data that you provide directly to a co-brand partner is subject to that partner's privacy notices and practices.

- Third Parties. We may share or make limited personal data available to third parties such as advertisers, marketing partners and platforms, data analytics providers, social media networks, and others. As described in our Personalized Advertising section, we typically share this data in an anonymized or pseudonymized format and try not to share your direct identifying information with these third parties to help preserve privacy. The type of information shared with third parties may include unique identifiers (e.g., cookies and similar technologies), device information, loyalty information, geolocation, and commercial information.

- Legal Process, Governmental Authorities, and Emergency Response. We may also disclose specific information about our customers, guests, and patients if we have a good-faith belief that the disclosure is necessary or required to comply with applicable law, valid legal process, or governmental requests; to investigate, establish, exercise, or defend legal claims; or to protect our customers, the public, or our business.

- Certain Business Transfers. Your Personal Data may be disclosed as part of a corporate business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, or joint venture, or for the financing or sale of Company assets and could be transferred to another party as one of the business assets in such a transaction. It may also be disclosed in the event of the company’s insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.

Remember that when it comes to data sharing you can opt out of sale or share of data and targeted advertising at any time. See Privacy Choices and Rights section for details.

#### Protecting Your Data

We use various physical, electronic, and procedural measures designed to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, disclosure, or misuse. We use strong encryption when transmitting your Personal Data. However, because no data security systems are completely secure, we do not warrant that the Personal Data that you provide to us will be secure or safe from unauthorized access. While we work hard to keep your Personal Data safe, we want you to know there is always a risk. So, when you provide your Personal Data to us it is at your own risk.

#### Data Storage & Processing

Our stores and services are provided to customers, patients, and guests in the United States. For the most part, the Personal Data described in this Privacy Policy is stored in the United States. However, we may transfer, process, and store this information in some other countries. By shopping with us, using our websites and mobile applications, you consent to the transfer to, and to the processing and storage of your Personal Data in countries outside of the United States where data protection laws may differ.

Except as otherwise permitted, required by applicable law or regulation, to satisfy any legal or regulatory obligations, or to resolve disputes, we will retain your Personal Data (including the categories of Personal Data discussed in the sections above) for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy and to adhere to our policies on keeping records. In determining what constitutes an appropriate retention period for Personal Data, we consider applicable legal requirements, the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the Personal Data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your Personal Data, the purposes for which we process your Personal Data, and whether those purposes can be achieved through other means.

#### Privacy Choices & Rights

We love having you as a customer, guest, and patient! We will continue to innovate to live up to your shopping expectations and find ways to engage with you so that you will keep coming back to us for years to come. To provide you with the level of service you expect, we need to collect information about you, which we’ve done our best to describe here in this Privacy Policy. But when it comes to your data, you have choices too. Some states have enacted privacy laws where certain “choices” are actually “rights.” Instead of affording those rights only to residents of those states that require it, we want to extend certain choices to our customers, no matter what state you shop in. Therefore, we offer the following choices to all of our customers:

- Request to know/access. You can request access to and obtain a copy of your personal data that we have collected and maintain. Use our online form to submit a Request to Access/Know. For verified requests from residents of states where consumers have the right to request a list or categories of third parties with whom we've shared Personal Data, we will include that information in our response.

- Request to delete. You can request that we delete your personal data that we have collected and maintain. Use our online form to submit a Request to Delete. In some cases, we may not be able to delete your Personal Data, but if that is the case, we will let you know why (e.g., we need to comply with the law, to complete the transaction, and so on).

- Request to correct. You can request that we correct inaccuracies in your personal data that we maintain. You can update your phone number, email address, birthday, payment method, and address through account settings (Account and Wallet menus). You can also use our online form to submit a Request to Correct.

- Request to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal data, and targeted advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your personal data, and targeted advertising by using our online form to submit an Opt-out request.

- Authorized Agent. You may designate an authorized agent to exercise any of the above privacy requests on your behalf. Authorized agents may make requests to access/know or delete by using our online form and requests to opt-out by using our online form. Please note, for your safety and security, we will require authorized agents to provide proof of the consumer's consent and designation of the authorized agent for the purpose of making the request and will require authorized agents to provide information necessary to verify the identity of the consumer who is the subject of the request. We may also require that a consumer verify his/her own identity directly with us before we respond to an authorized agent's request. We reserve the right to deny requests in certain circumstances, such as where we have a reasonable belief that the request is fraudulent.

- Request to Appeal. In certain cases, we may decline to act on your privacy request (as permitted by law). Should we decline your request, we will provide you with a written explanation of the reasons for our decision, and an opportunity to appeal. We will review your appeal and respond, usually within 45 days. If you still have concerns, you may have the right to contact your State’s Attorney General, and we will include those details in our response to your appeal.

If you are interested in exercising any of these options, you can select the preferred link from above or call us at (877) 251-6559 (toll free).

Upon making a request, you will be asked to provide your name, email address, phone number, and request details. A confirmation email will be sent to the email address you provide to begin the process to verify your identity. Depending on the type of request, the verification process may consist of validating the email address (requires you to click a link in the email we send), and matching identifying information provided by you with the information we have about you in our records. It is important that the information you provide in the privacy request online form matches the information we have about you, or else we may need to reach out for additional information if we cannot verify your identity. If we cannot verify your identity, we will not be able to respond to your request.

We may retain correspondence, documents and information related to privacy requests for 24 months as required by law.

You will not receive discriminatory treatment for exercising your privacy choices or rights. We do not use the fact that you have submitted a privacy request for any purpose other than processing and facilitating a response to your request.

For state-specific privacy rights and disclosures, please see our U.S. State Privacy Rights Supplement.

There are some other choices you can make related to your Personal Data that we have outlined below:

- Printed Marketing Materials Opt-Out (including advertisements, flyers, or postcards). Write to us at Albertsons Companies, Attn: Albertsons Customer Support Center, M.S. 10501, P.O. Box 29093, Phoenix, AZ 85038 or submit your request online by clicking here. Please be sure to include your name and mailing address exactly as they appear on the printed marketing materials you received.

- Marketing Email Opt-Out. Send an unsubscribe request to our Customer Support Center by clicking here or click on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email that was sent to you and follow the directions to unsubscribe.

- Facsimiles Opt-Out. Use the methods provided in the communication or by contacting our Customer Support Center by clicking here.

- Voice or Text Messages Opt-Out. Contact our Customer Support Center by clicking here. If you have consented to receive prerecorded or automated voice messages or text messages, you may opt out of receiving them by using the method provided in the prerecorded voice message or text message or by contacting us at the address above.

- Google Analytics Opt-Out. You may opt out of the aggregation and analysis of data collected about you on our website by Google Analytics by visiting https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout and downloading and installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.

- Disable Mobile Push Notifications/Alerts. To deactivate mobile push notifications and alert messages that you enabled, and you can always change the notification settings on your mobile device.
- Turn Off Location Information. You have the ability to turn location-based services on and off through your mobile device's settings by enabling, limiting, or disabling the mobile app's access to your location information.

- Custom Audience Campaigns Opt-Out. We sometimes work with third party platforms to serve ads to you as part of a customized campaign on those platforms. You may be able to opt-out of receiving these ads by adjusting your preferences within these third party platforms.

- Interest-based Advertising. You can opt out of interest-based advertising from participating advertising companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance's WebChoices program. You can also personalize the ads you receive or opt out of ads from Google by visiting the Google Ads Settings Page.

#### Policy Changes

We strive to be transparent with you about our data privacy practices and comply with the law. To do that, we may need to modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. When changes are made, we will post the updated version and include the new date (at the top of the screen). We will obtain consent to changes in how we process Personal Data if and to the extent required by law. We encourage you to visit our website periodically to view the latest version of this Privacy Policy.

#### U.S. State Privacy Rights Supplement

Effective Date: September 16, 2026 | Last Updated: September 16, 2026

This U.S. State Privacy Rights Supplement (“Supplement”) provides additional information for residents of the states below. It should be read together with the Albertsons Companies Privacy Policy. If a term is defined in the Privacy Policy or applicable state law, that definition applies to this Supplement.

1. Which States and Laws This Covers

The table below identifies the state privacy laws covered by this Supplement. We included these state-specific rights and disclosures in one place to make them easier to find.

| State
| Applicable Law

| California
California Consumer Privacy Act

| Colorado
Colorado Privacy Act

| Connecticut
Connecticut Data Privacy Act

| Delaware
Delaware Personal Data Privacy Act

| Indiana
Indiana Consumer Data Protection Act

| Iowa
Iowa Consumer Data Protection Act

| Kentucky
Kentucky Consumer Data Protection Act

| Maryland
Maryland Online Data Privacy Act

| Minnesota
Minnesota Consumer Data Privacy Act

| Montana
Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act

| Nebraska
Nebraska Data Privacy Act

| New Hampshire
New Hampshire Data Privacy Act

| New Jersey
New Jersey Data Privacy Act

| Nevada
Nevada Privacy Law

| Oregon
Oregon Consumer Privacy Act

| Rhode Island
Rhode Island Data Transparency and Privacy Protection Act

| Tennessee
Tennessee Information Protection Act

| Texas
Texas Data Privacy and Security Act

| Utah
Utah Consumer Privacy Act

| Virginia
Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act

2. Your Privacy Choices and Rights

Generally, your privacy rights include the right to access, correct, delete, or obtain a copy of your Personal Data, and to opt out of certain uses or disclosures of Personal Data. These rights, and how to exercise them, are described in the Privacy Choices & Rights section of our main Privacy Policy.

We will not discriminate against you for exercising your privacy rights. However, if you choose to participate in our loyalty program, certain benefits, offers, or experiences may vary based on your participation.

3. Sensitive Personal Data

Some information is considered "sensitive" — for example, precise geolocation and health or wellness information.

Where required by applicable law, we will ask for your permission before collecting, using, or disclosing sensitive Personal Data, and you can withdraw that permission at any time. After withdrawal, we will stop collecting and using that data as required by applicable law.

4. How We Use Automated Tools and AI

We may use automated tools, including AI-powered chat, and may use pseudonymized or deidentified data for analytics and modeling. If we use Personal Data in connection with AI-enabled tools, we will do so in accordance with applicable law and this Privacy Policy.

5. How to Exercise Your Rights

You, or an authorized agent, may submit a request by:

- Web form: Privacy Rights Request Portal

- Phone: (877) 251-6559 (toll free)

- Global Privacy Control (GPC): We recognize and honor the GPC signal. When your browser sends a GPC signal, we treat it as a valid request to opt you out of the sale/sharing of Personal Data and of targeted advertising for that browser or device.

We will respond within the time your state's law allows (generally 45 days, with one permitted extension). Oregon and Minnesota residents may also request a list of the specific third parties to which we disclose Personal Data.

6. Appeals

If we can't fulfill your request, we'll tell you why. You may appeal by contacting our Privacy Office (see Section 12) or by using the link we provide in our response. We'll re-evaluate and respond within the timeframe your state's law allows, generally 45 days unless a different period applies. If you still have concerns, you may contact your state Attorney General using the table below.

| State
| Attorney General Complaint Contact

| California
File a complaint with the California Attorney General

| Colorado
File a complaint with the Colorado Attorney General

| Connecticut
File a complaint with the Connecticut Attorney General

| Delaware
File a complaint with the Delaware Attorney General

| Indiana
File a complaint with the Indiana Attorney General

| Iowa
File a complaint with the Iowa Attorney General

| Kentucky
File a complaint with the Kentucky Attorney General

| Maryland
File a complaint with the Maryland Attorney General

| Minnesota
File a complaint with the Minnesota Attorney General

| Montana
File a complaint with the Montana Attorney General

| Nebraska
File a complaint with the Nebraska Attorney General

| New Hampshire
File a complaint with the New Hampshire Attorney General

| New Jersey
File a complaint with the New Jersey Attorney General

| Oregon
File a complaint with the Oregon Attorney General

| Rhode Island
File a complaint with the Rhode Island Attorney General

| Tennessee
File a complaint with the Tennessee Attorney General

| Texas
File a complaint with the Texas Attorney General

| Utah
File a complaint with the Utah Division of Consumer Protection

| Virginia
File a complaint with the Virginia Attorney General

7. Categories of Third Parties (Rhode Island transparency)

As described in our main Privacy Policy, we disclose Personal Data to certain third parties, including subsidiaries and affiliates; service providers and processors; ad tech companies and online tracking providers; co-branded offering partners; analytics and advertising partners; delivery and fulfillment partners; payment processors; social networks; legal and governmental authorities; and parties involved in certain business transfers. We do not sell or otherwise disclose your Personal Data to third parties outside of these categories unless we tell you at the time of collection or as permitted or required by law.

8. State-Specific Notes

This Supplement is the location for state-specific privacy rights and disclosures; the main Privacy Policy provides general privacy practices and points readers here for state-specific requirements.

- Nevada: You may opt out of the sale of covered information using the opt-out link in the main Privacy Policy or by calling us at (877) 251-6559. The other portions of this Supplement do not apply to Nevada residents except where stated.

- Maryland: We do not knowingly sell Personal Data to a government unit that has engaged in or supported civil immigration enforcement within the preceding six months, absent a valid warrant.

- Connecticut / Virginia / Maryland / Utah: These notes reflect the July 1, 2026 amendments described in Sections 3–5 above.

#### Contact Us - Privacy Office

We hope that we answered your privacy questions, and you enjoyed reading this Privacy Policy. If you have additional questions or comments about our Privacy Policy or other privacy-related matters, you can contact us at:

Mailing Address:

Albertsons Companies, Inc.
Attn: Albertsons Privacy Office
250 Parkcenter Blvd.
Boise, ID 83706

Email Address: privacyoffice@albertsons.com

Toll-free Number: (877) 251-6559

#### State Specific Disclosures (California & Colorado)

(California | Colorado)

##### California Residents

If you’re a resident of California, there are a few more things that we need to explain regarding Personal Data as outlined in several California laws (including the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)). Any capitalized term (yes, our capitalization efforts are intentional) that we haven’t otherwise defined in this privacy policy have the same definition as in the CCPA, California Civil Code § 1798.100, et seq. (together with the regulations thereunder, the “CCPA”), as applicable.

This California Notice does not apply to workforce-related personal data collected from California-based employees (current or former), independent contractors, or job applicants. They get a separate privacy notice for that personal data, but we do make the privacy rights request form available for former employees and independent contractors within the Your California Privacy Rights section below for convenience. This California Notice does apply to personal data collected in the context of business-to-business (B2B) transactions. Additionally, under the CCPA, personal data does not include:

- Publicly available information from government records.

- Deidentified or aggregated information.

- Information excluded from the CCPA’s scope, such as health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA).

This California Notice supplements the other sections of the Privacy Policy where we provide contextual examples throughout our store, online, and at delivery and applies to the Personal Data we may have collected from you during the 12 months prior to the effective date of this Notice. The information we have collected and process depends on what services and interactions you have had with us (e.g., if you haven’t signed up for a FreshPass, we won’t have FreshPass information).

- Collection and Use of Personal Data

(a) Categories of Personal Data We Collected About California Consumers: Below is a list of categories and the Data Collection section above provides additional context.

- Identifiers such as name, alias, physical address, unique personal identifier (see our cookies and trackers section for more details), social security number, IP address, email address, phone number, passport number, customer number, account name, ID card information, or other similar identifiers;

- Personal records such as physical characteristics or descriptions, signature, education, employment history, bank account information, medical information, financial information, or health insurance information;

- Characteristics such as those clearly observable physical characteristics in recorded video footage, as well as age, marital status, gender, veteran or military status, and other demographic data;

- Customer Accounts/Commercial information such as records or personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, and other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies;

- Online usage information such as Internet and other electronic network activity information including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement;

- Geolocation data such as physical location;

- Sensory information such as audio recordings of customer service calls, visual recordings of consumers in stores; and

- Inferences Derived From Personal Data/Profiling such as your purchase preferences, interests, characteristics, predispositions, behavior, and attitudes.

(b) Categories of Sources of Personal Data that We Collect: See Data Collection section above.

(c) Business or Commercial Purposes: See Data Use section above.
Additional Business Purposes for which we collect, and may disclose, Personal Data include sharing Personal Data with Third Parties for other than a Sale or one of the foregoing Business Purposes as required or permitted by applicable law, such as to our vendors that perform services for us, to the government or private parties to comply with law or valid legal process, to the Consumer or other parties at the Consumer’s request or direction, for the additional purposes explained in our online Privacy Policy or at the point of collection, and to assignees as part of a merger or asset sale (“Other Business Purposes”). Subject to restrictions and obligations of the CCPA, our vendors may also use your Personal Data for some or all of the above listed Business Purposes and engage subcontractors to help them perform services for us. In addition, we may Collect, retain, use, and disclose your Personal Data as required or permitted by applicable law. We treat all of these purposes as Other Business Purposes.

(d) Retaining Your Personal Data: See Data Storage & Processing section above.

- Categories of Personal Data Disclosed

2.1 We may disclose the following categories of Personal Data to Service Providers for a Business Purpose, or with Third Parties such as sponsors of promotions, sweepstakes, or contests. We disclosed the following

| Category of Personal Information Disclosed for a Business Purpose
| Categories of Recipients
- Identifiers

- Personal Records

- Characteristics

- Internet/Network Activity

- Customer Records/Commercial Information

- Geolocation Data

- Sensory Information

- Inferences
- Service Providers

- Marketing/Advertising Agencies

- Analytics & Retail Merchandising Vendors

- Marketing Mix Measurement Providers, Compliance, Tech Performance Measurement, and other Service
Providers

- Social Networks

- Albertsons’ Affiliates

- Governmental Authorities and Agencies

2.2 Categories of Personal Data Sold to Third Parties

We share your Personal Data with companies such as advertisers, marketing partners and platforms, data analytics providers, social media networks, and others to provide services that include, but is not limited to, product recommendations, delivering marketing messages, and sending you relevant offers. The types of Personal Data shared may include unique identifiers (e.g., cookies and similar technologies), device information, geolocation data, commercial data, behavioral data, and inferences. We do not knowingly sell the Personal Data of consumers under 16 years of age.

3. Your California Privacy Rights

(a) Right to Know:

You have the right to request that we disclose to you the following information about Personal Data we Collect from you:

- categories of Personal Data collected;

- categories of sources of Personal Data collected;

- the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling Personal Data;

- the categories of third parties with whom we share Personal Data; and

- the specific pieces of Personal Data we have collected about you over the past 12 months.

You also have a right to know if we have sold or disclosed your Personal Data for a business purpose over the past 12 months and, if so, the categories of Personal Data sold or disclosed and the categories of third parties to whom the Personal Data was sold or disclosed, along with the business or commercial purpose for which the Personal Data was sold or disclosed.

To make a customer request to know, please submit a verifiable consumer request pursuant to the instructions in Your Privacy Choices & Rights section.

California resident former employees, and independent contractors click here.

California resident vendors, suppliers, clients, or other business-to-business partners click here.

You can also make a request by phone by calling us at (877) 251-6559 (toll free).

We will acknowledge your request within 10 business days and will attempt to respond substantively within 45 days. If we need additional time, we will let you know.

Please see Your Privacy Choices & Rights section for additional information on the privacy request process.

(b) Right to Request Deletion of Personal Data

You have the right to request the deletion of your Personal Data collected or maintained by us ("Request to Delete"), subject to certain exceptions permitted by law. Examples of such exceptions include: to complete transactions and provide services you have requested from us or that are reasonably anticipated, for security purposes, for legitimate internal business purposes, including maintaining business records, to comply with law, to exercise or defend legal claims, and to cooperate with law enforcement. If we deny your request, we will explain the reasons in our response and, if applicable, will provide guidance to cure deficiencies in your request.

If you request to delete your Personal Data, your loyalty program member account, any subscription delivery services (such as FreshPass and Subscribe & Save) and all related points, deals, rewards, and perks will be deleted. You will also lose the ability to receive support for past activities, including returns without receipts and may forfeit any subscription fees already paid. Without your Personal Data, your loyalty account will no longer exist, and we won’t know who you are to reward you (i.e., we can’t reward 1 point for every $1 spent on groceries because we can’t link shopping data to a loyalty account that no longer exists).

However, we still want to provide you with privacy rights that allow you to delete some Personal Data and remain a loyalty member. This is why we provide you with two options for deletion: (1) delete all your Personal Data; or (2) delete your shopping history only. If you select shopping history only, your Personal Data will be maintained for loyalty program operations and you will continue to receive the benefits of our loyalty program moving forward. We will retain some of your Personal Data for continued program participation; however, your prior shopping history will reset as of the date of the deletion request and clipped rewards will be removed. You will also lose the ability to receive support for past activities, including disputes related to loyalty points and returns without receipts. Any additional shopping you do after the reset will be collected, unless you also terminate your applicable loyalty accounts using the online contact form here or by calling customer service at 877-723-3929.

To make a customer request to delete, please submit a verifiable consumer request pursuant to the instructions in Your Privacy Choices & Rights section.

California resident former employees, and independent contractors click here.

California resident vendors, suppliers, clients, or other business-to-business partners click here.

You can also make a request by phone by calling us at (877) 251-6559 (toll free).

We will acknowledge your request within 10 business days and will attempt to respond substantively within 45 days. If we need additional time, we will let you know.

Please see Your Privacy Choices & Rights section for additional information on the privacy request process.

(c) Right to Correct Inaccurate Personal Data

You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate Personal Data that we maintain about you. We will take into account the nature of the Personal Data and the purposes for which we process it. We may require documentation from you in order to process your request, including your name, email address, phone number, and request details.

To make a customer request to correct, please submit a verifiable consumer request pursuant to the instructions in Your Privacy Choices & Rights section.

California resident former employees, and independent contractors click here.

California resident vendors, suppliers, clients, or other business-to-business partners click here.

You can also make a request by phone by calling us at (877) 251-6559 (toll free).

We will acknowledge your request within 10 business days and will attempt to respond substantively within 45 days. If we need additional time, we will let you know.

Please see Your Privacy Choices & Rights section for additional information on the privacy request process.

(d) Right to Opt-Out of the Sale and Sharing of Personal Data

You have the right to opt out of the sale and sharing of your Personal Data to third parties by clicking here and opting out. You may also request to opt-out by calling us at (877) 251-6559 (toll free). If you decide to opt-out, we will stop sharing your information with third parties. But please note that your use of our website may still be tracked by us and our service providers to perform functions that are necessary for our business such as hosting our website, ensuring there is no fraud, etc. These entities are contractually obligated to keep this information confidential and will not use it for any purpose other than for the services they provide to our business.

We also honor Global Privacy Control (GPC) signals from your browser. You can learn more about GPCs here. If you choose to use the GPC signal, you will need to download and turn it on for each supported browser or browser extension you use.

(e) Right to Limit the Use of Your Sensitive Personal Data

At this time, we do not process information that is subject to this limitation. At a future point when we do so, you can direct us to limit the use of your Sensitive Personal Data to uses that are reasonably necessary to provide our goods and services, or as needed:

- To ensure security and integrity

- For short-term, transient use, including for non-personalized advertising

- To maintain or service accounts, provide customer service, process or fulfill orders and transactions, verify customer information, process payments, provide financing, provide analytic services, provide storage, or other similar services

- To verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance such services or devices

(f) Right to Non-Discrimination

You have the right to not receive discriminatory treatment for exercising your CCPA privacy rights. We do not use the fact that you have exercised or requested to exercise any CCPA rights for any purpose other than facilitating a response to your request.

(g) Authorized Agent

You may designate an authorized agent to exercise any of the above California privacy rights on your behalf, subject to the agent request requirements of the CCPA. Authorized Agents may make requests under the CCPA on behalf of California Consumers by contacting us here.

Please note, for your safety and security, we will require authorized agents to provide proof of the consumer's consent and designation of the authorized agent for the purpose of making the request and will require authorized agents to provide information necessary to verify the identity of the consumer who is the subject of the request. We may also require that a consumer verify his/her own identity directly with us before we respond to an authorized agent's request.

We reserve the right to deny requests in certain circumstances, such as where we have a reasonable belief that the request is fraudulent.

4. Notice of Financial Incentive

Our loyalty program, Albertsons Companies “[Banner] for U™” (i.e., “Albertsons for U™,” “Safeway for U™,” “Randalls for U™,” etc.) provides you with Rewards (i.e., Gas Rewards and Grocery Rewards) for your eligible in-store and online purchases. This Program is subject to termination at any time at our sole discretion.
Program
Incentive Offered
Material Terms
How to Opt-In
“[Banner] for U™”
(i.e., “Albertsons for U™,” “Safeway for U™”, “Randalls for U™,” etc.)
Provides consumers with customized discount coupons, complimentary in-store Wi-Fi, and birthday treat (optional). Your Albertsons Companies “[Banner] for U™” account earns points for every dollar spent on eligible purchases. Points are accumulated to earn Rewards that may be redeemed on future gas or grocery purchases.
- Available at participating stores.

- Categories of Personal Data collected:

- Identifiers such as name, email address, telephone number, zip code, month and date of birth (optional).

- Customer Accounts /Commercial Information such as shopping history, coupons/points redeemed, points earned, preferred Market Store.

- Internet/Network Activity such as IP address, activity logs, browsing history.

- Geolocation Data.

- Inferences drawn from one or more of the above, including a consumer’s shopping history, that reflects a consumer’s shopping preferences.

- Additional information available at https://www.albertsons.com/justforu-guest.html
- Register for an account online or on the mobile app.

NOTE: As of August 3, 2021, we began phasing out the Club Card program. However, consumers who have active Club Card memberships will not be affected and will continue to receive the incentive offered under the Club Card loyalty program.

The notices of financial incentive for Albertsons previously offered loyalty programs “just for U and Gas Reward/Grocery Reward/Club Cards are as follows:
Program
Incentive Offered
Material Terms
How to Opt-In
“just for U” (including Gas Rewards and Grocery Rewards)
Provided consumers with customized discount coupons.

Your “just for U” account earned points for every dollar spent on eligible purchases. Points were accumulated to earn Rewards that were redeemed for future gas or grocery purchases.
- Available at participating stores.

- Categories of Personal Data collected:

- Identifiers such as name, email address, telephone number, zip code.

- Customer Accounts /Commercial Information such as shopping history, coupons/points redeemed, points earned, preferred Market Store.

- Internet/Network Activity such as IP address, activity logs, browsing history.

- Geolocation Data.

- Inferences drawn from one or more of the above, including a consumer's shopping history, that reflects a consumer’s shopping preferences.

- Additional information available at https://www.safeway.com/justforu-guest.html
- Register for an account online or on the mobile app.
Club Card (including Gas Rewards and Grocery Rewards)
Provides customers with instant advertised discounts on in-store purchases at participating locations.

Club Card also earns points for every dollar spent on eligible purchases. Points are accumulated to earn Rewards that may be redeemed on future gas or grocery purchases
- Categories of Personal Data collected:

- Identifiers such as telephone number.

- Customer Accounts /Commercial Information such as shopping history, coupons/points redeemed, points earned.

- Inferences drawn from one or more of the above, including a consumer’s shopping history, that reflects a consumer’s shopping preferences.
- Requesting a physical card in-store; providing a 10-digit number (e.g., phone number).

Value of the Consumer’s Data

We estimate the value of consumers’ data to be, on average, approximately $3.56 per consumer in 2025. Albertsons has made the following good faith estimate of the value of consumers’ data based on expenses related to the collection, retention, and offering of Albertsons loyalty programs as permitted by Reg. §999.337(a)(5) and (a)(6). The expenses related to the collection and retention of consumer Personal Data as well as expenses related to the total program operating expenses is calculated by measuring the people costs and IT costs incurred by Albertsons in the fiscal year 2025.

Withdrawing From Loyalty Programs

You have the right to withdraw from the above programs at any time. You may do so by:

- Using the online contact form: Here or by calling customer service at 877-723-3929

5. CCPA Metrics

You can view the details of Albertsons’ CCPA metrics report here

OTHER CALIFORNIA DISCLOSURE INFORMATION

California Do Not Track Notice

California law requires us to let you know how we respond to web browser Do Not Track (DNT) signals. Because there currently isn't an industry or legal standard for recognizing or honoring DNT signals, we don't respond to them at this time.

California’s Shine the Light law

If you are a California resident, you are entitled once a year, free of charge, to request and obtain certain information regarding our disclosure, if any, of certain categories of Personal Data to third parties for their direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. To request the above information, please e-mail us at: privacyoffice@albertsons.com. or write to us at Albertsons Companies, Inc. Attn: Albertsons Privacy Office, 250 Parkcenter Blvd. Boise, ID 83706 with a reference to CA Disclosure Information.

California Automated License Plate Reader Policy

If you are a California resident, you can read our Automated License Plate Reader Policy here.

6. Changes

We reserve the right to change this California Privacy Notice from time to time. Changes shall become effective on the date they are posted.

##### Colorado Residents

Colorado Loyalty Program Disclosure

As you’ve already read in our Loyalty section, our loyalty program provides you with rewards for your eligible in-store and online purchases (e.g., gas rewards and grocery rewards).

As part of our Loyalty program and by having an account with us, we may collect the following categories of Personal Data:

- Identifiers including name, email, phone number, zip code, birthday (optional)

- Customer Account / Commercial Information including shopping history, preferred store

- Internet/Network Activity including IP address, activity logs, browsing history

- Inferences drawn from one or more of the above, including a consumer’s shopping history, that reflect a shopping preferences

We collect this data to better understand you and your journey with us as a shopper, offer personalized deals and targeted ads, and help us make better business decisions and continuously improve.

We may disclose your Personal Data to our processors and third parties, such as analytics companies, third party advertisers, and other merchants, to help handle parts of our loyalty program because of their expertise, resources, or scale. They help us do things like monitor activity on our services, serve ads on this and other services, and otherwise perform actions consistent with the uses described in this Privacy Policy. We may also use them to host our websites, webpages, and mobile applications, conduct market research, or send you information regarding our products or services or those of other companies with whom we conduct business.

You can opt-out of this data sharing and targeted advertising by using our online form to submit an Opt-out of Sale or Share request.

The rewards you earn as a loyalty member may be redeemed on future gas or grocery purchases. To provide the benefit of redeeming rewards at the gas pump, we may share your Personal Data (i.e., rewards balance) with our fuel station partners.

If you ask us to delete your Personal Data, your loyalty account, any subscription delivery services (e.g., FreshPass and Subscribe & Save) and all related points, deals, rewards, and perks will be deleted. We won’t be able to review or address past issues you may have, including returns without receipts, and you may forfeit any subscription fees already paid. If you do not want to lose access to these things, you can ask us to delete your shopping history only. This lets you keep your loyalty account and receive future benefits of our loyalty program moving forward (we keep some of your Personal Data, but your prior shopping history resets as of the date of your shopping history deletion request and your clipped rewards will be removed). You can request deletion of your personal data or just your shopping history here or by calling 877-251-6559. You can close your loyalty account here or by calling customer service at 877-723-3929.