• Information We Collect
• Health Information
• GLBA Privacy Notice
• How We Use Personal Information
• Our Sharing and Disclosure Practices
• Do Not Track Signals
• Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
• Anonymous and Aggregate Information
• Our Online Privacy Notice for Children
• Our Data Protection and Security Policy
• Information for Employment Applicants
• Additional Information for Users of a Cigna Mobile Application
• Cross Border Transfers
• Changes to this Privacy Notice
• Links to Other Websites
• State-Specific Privacy Information for Residents of California, Colorado, Connecticut,
Utah, and Virginia
• Other California Privacy Rights © 2022 Cigna
• Other Access Requests
• Contacting Us

Information We Collect

Personal information is information that identifies you as an individual or relates to an identifiable
person. Examples of personal information we may collect about you through our Services include
the following:

• Identifiers such as name, contact information, online identifiers, and government- issued
ID numbers;
• Commercial Information related to services we provide such as medical information,
insurance information, and financial information;
• Characteristics of Protected Classifications under state or federal law such as age and
medical conditions;
• Commercial Information such as transaction information and purchase history;
• Internet or Network Activity Information such as browsing history, interactions with our
website, Internet Protocol (IP) address, Media Access Control (MAC) address; operating
system and version; Internet browser type and version (for more information, see the
Cookies and Similar Technologies section, below);
• Geolocation Data such as device location;
• Audio, Electronic, Visual and Similar Information such as call and video recordings;
and
• Professional or Employment-Related Information such as place of employment and
job title.

We may supplement the information we receive through our Services with other personal infor-
mation we have about you, including information from our affiliates and vendors, as well as infor-
mation from other sources, such as public and nonpublic records, joint marketing partners, social
media platforms (including from people with whom you are friends or otherwise connected), and
from other third parties.

If you provide us or our service providers w ith personal information relating to other people, you
represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accor d-
ance with this Privacy Notice.
Health Information

In some circumstances, Cigna's collection and use of personal information will be subject to the
requirements of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”). For example,
if information collected through the Services is identifiable member information, the terms of the
applicable HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices will apply and will supersede this notice. If you are
a member covered by a Cigna insured policy, please review Cigna’s Notice of Privacy Practices.
If you are covered through a self-funded employer plan, ask your employer for a copy of its Notice
of Privacy Practices. © 2022 Cigna
GLBA Privacy Notice

For U.S. customers, we will use and share any information that we collect from or about you in
accordance with the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Privacy Notice for Cigna Policyholders, which may be
accessed from our Privacy Notices page.
How We Use Personal Information

We use personal information received through our Services for various purposes, including the
following:

• Providing our Services to you, including completing transactions, processing claims, and
providing quotes;
• Providing you with information about our Services, including information about health care,
health related services, resources and benefits that will help you manage your health;
sending administrative information to you, such as changes to our terms, conditions, and
policies; sending marketing information we think may be of interest to you; and fulfilling
any other purpose for which you provide it;
• Improving our Services;
• Providing and improving customer services, including through email or text communica-
tions, or any chat or similar feature available through our services;
• Conducting our business, such as data analysis; audits; developing new products; en-
hancing, improving or modifying our services; identifying usage trends; determining the
effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and operating and expanding our business
activities; tailoring offers and advertisements to you for products or services that you may
find helpful on our Services and those on third-party sites;
• Sending you surveys;
• To provide certain functionality, such as allowing you to send messages to a friend through
the Services;
• Authenticating or confirming your identity;
• To de-identify it;
• Taking any action that we believe to be necessary or appropriate:
o to investigate, prevent and detect illegal activities;
o to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any of our contracts,
including for billing and collection;
o under applicable laws, including laws outside your country of residence;
o to comply with legal process;
o to respond to requests from public and government authorities including public and
government authorities outside your country of residence;
o to enforce our Terms of Use and one or more of our privacy notices, including this
notice;
o to protect our operations or those of our affiliates;
o to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or
others; and
o to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
• Informing you of job opportunities and evaluating your suitability for a job; © 2022 Cigna
• Other purposes specifically disclosed at the time we request your information; and
• For any other purpose with your consent.
Our Sharing and Disclosure Practices

We may disclose personal information for the following purposes:

• Operating Services and Sites and Providing Related Support. To provide and operate
our Services, communicate with you about your use of the Services, provide troubleshoot-
ing and technical support, respond to your inquiries, fulfill your orders and requests, and
for similar service and support purposes.
• Business Transfers. If we or our affiliates are or may be acquired by, merged with, or
invested in by another company, or if any of our assets are or may be transferred to an-
other company, whether as part of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding or otherwise,
we may transfer the information we have collected from you to the other company. As part
of the business transfer process, we may share certain of your personal information with
lenders, auditors, and third-party advisors, including attorneys and consultants.
• In Response to Legal Process. We may disclose your personal information to comply
with the law, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response
to a court order or a subpoena.
• To Protect You, Us, and Others. We disclose your personal information when we believe
it is appropriate to do so to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities,
suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, viola-
tions of our Terms of Use or this Policy, or as evidence in litigation in which we are in-
volved.

We may disclose the personal information that we collect for the purposes described above with
the following parties:

• Vendors. We may disclose personal information we collect to our service providers or
agents who perform functions on our behalf. These may include, for example, IT service
providers, help desk, payment processors, analytics providers, consultants, auditors, and
legal counsel.
• Our Affiliates. We may disclose personal information we collect to our affiliates or sub-
sidiaries.
• Our Business Customers. Any personal information that we collect and process on be-
half of a business client will be disclosed as directed by that business customer.
• Third-Party Ad Networks and Providers. We may disclose personal information to third-
party ad network providers, sponsors and/or traffic measurement services. These third
parties may use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (including clear GIFs), and other track-
ing technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising
content to you. These third- party cookies and other technologies are governed by each
third party's specific privacy policy, not this one. To exercise your choices about receiving
third-party ads, see the “Tracking and Advertising Choices” section below. © 2022 Cigna
• Government or Public Authorities. We may disclose personal information to a third
party if (a) we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with any applica-
ble law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request, (b) to enforce our agreements,
policies, and terms of service, (c) to protect the security or integrity of our Services, (d) to
protect the property, rights, and safety of us, our users, or the public from harm or illegal
activities, (e) to respond to an emergency which we believe in the good faith requires us
to disclose information to assist in preventing the death or serious bodily injury of any
person, or (f) to investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allega-
tions.
Do Not Track Signals

We do not honor a web browser's “Do Not Track” signals.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
How We Use Cookies

We may use cookies and other tracking mechanisms to track your use of our Services. For more
information on the types of personal information we collect through these technologies, please
see the section above titled “The Personal Information We Collect.” For resources and instructions
on how to disable tracking technologies, see the section below titled “ Tracking and Advertising
Choices.”

Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your device’s hard drive through your
web browser for record -keeping purposes. Some cookies allow us to make it easier for you to
navigate our Services, while others are used to enable a faster login process or to allow us to
track your activities on our Services . There are two types of cookies: session and persistent
cookies.

• Session Cookies. Session cookies exist only during an online session. They disappear
from your device when you close your browser or turn off your device. We use session
cookies to allow our systems to uniquely identify you dur ing a session or while you are
logged in. This allows us to process your online transactions and requests and verify your
identity after you have logged in, as you move through the website.

• Persistent Cookies. Persistent cookies remain on your device after you have closed your
browser or turned off your device.
Tracking and Advertising Choices

If you wish to prevent cookies from tracking your activity on our websites or visits across multiple
websites, there are tools you can use to disable cookies and opt out of interest-based advertising.
Please note that your opt-out may not be effective if your browser is configured to reject cookies.
© 2022 Cigna
• Browser Solutions for Disabling Cookies. If you wish to prevent cookies from tracking
your activity on our website or visits across multiple websites, you can set your browser
to block certain cookies or notify you when a cookie is set. The Help portion of the toolbar
on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your device from accepting new cookies,
how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable
cookies altogether. Visitors to our Services who disable cookies will be able to browse the
Site, but some features may not function.

• Industry Solutions for Opting Out of Interest-Based Advertising. Notwithstanding the
above, you may follow the steps provided by initiatives that educate users on how to set
tracking preferences for most online advertising tools. These resources include the Net-
work Advertising Initiative (https://thenai.org/about-online-advertising/) and the Digital Ad-
vertising Alliance ( https://digitaladvertisingalliance.org/). The Digital Advertising Alliance
also offers an application called AppChoices (https://youradchoices.com/appchoices) that
helps users to control interest-based advertising on mobile apps.
Other Website and Tracking Technologies

• Technologies Similar to Cookies. We may use technologies that are similar to cookies,
such as pixels and web beacons, to collect information about your activities on our Ser-
vices, including online identifiers and Internet and Network Activity Information. Unless
you opt out of such collection as described above or through another solution, this infor-
mation will be automatically generated and may be combined with other information about
you.
• Facebook. We may use Facebook Pixel, a web analytics and advertising service provided
by Meta, Inc. on our Services. With its help, we can keep track of what users do after they
see or click on a Facebook advertisement, keep track of users who access our website,
applications, or advertisements from different devices, and better provide advertisements
to our target audiences. The data from Facebook Pixel is also saved and processed by
Facebook. Facebook can connect this data with your Facebook account and use it for its
own and others advertising purposes, in accordance with Facebook’s Data Policy which
can be found at https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/. Please click here if you would
like to withdraw your consent for use of your data with Facebook Pixel https://www.face-
book.com/settings/?tab=ads#_=_.
• Google. Our Services may use Google products, including Google Analytics and Google
Floodlights Tags. These technologies are used for analytics and advertising purposes.
You can learn about Google’s practices by going to www.google.com/policies/pri-
vacy/partners/, and opt out of Google Analytics by downloading the Google Analytics opt-
out browser add-on, available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
• Session Recording and Replay Software. We may use third party services that employ
software code to record users’ interactions with the Services in a manner that allows us to
watch replays of those user sessions. The replays include users’ clicks, mouse move-
ments, scrolls, and keystrokes/key touches (including information inputted into t he site)
during those sessions. These replays help us diagnose usability problems and identify
areas for improvement. © 2022 Cigna
• Device Fingerprinting and Browser Fingerprinting. In order to assist with site design
and improve site functionality and accessibility, we may also use other technologies that
are similar to cookies. Through a process known as Device Fingerprinting or Browser Fin-
gerprinting, we may gather device attributes and combine information collected by most
browsers or automatically through your dev ice to create a unique ID that identifies your
browser or device with reasonable certainty. In this context, we may collect Internet and
other Network Activity Information about your visit, including geolocation data. You may
be able to reduce the amount o f information that your browser provides to Cigna for use
in the Device Fingerprinting or Browser Fingerprinting process by enabling the private or
incognito modes of your browser.
• Adobe. We may use various Adobe products, such as Adobe Analytics or Adobe Flash
(“Flash LSO”), for analytics and to allow our websites to function. These products may
collect and store information about your use of the Services, and may store information
on your computer. If you do not want Flash LSOs stored on your computer, you can adjust
the settings of your Flash player to block Flash LSO storage using the tools contained in
the Website Storage Settings Panel. You can also go to the Global Storage Settings Panel
and follow the instructions. Please note that setting the Flash Player to restrict or limit
acceptance of Flash LSOs may reduce or impede the functionality of some Flash applica-
tions.

In some instances, we may combine other information with personal i nformation we receive
through the Services, such as combining your name with your geographical location. If we do, we
will treat the combined information as personal information as long as it remains identifiable.
Anonymous and Aggregate Information

Cigna may de-identify or aggregate personal information so that it does not personally identify
you or any other user of the Services. For example, we may aggregate or de -identify personal
information to analyze the percentage of our users who have a particular area code. Additionally,
we may use and share this information for any purpose permissible under applicable law.
Our Online Privacy Notice for Children

Our Services are designed for a general audience and are not directed to children under the age
of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information online from any person we know to be
under the age of 13. If you believe we have impermissibly collected personal information from
someone under the age of 13, please contact us using the information below.
Our Data Protection and Security Policy

We take reasonable precautions to safeguard the personal information transmitted between visi-
tors and the Services and the personal information stored on our servers. Unfortunately, no
method of transmitting or storing data is 100% secure. As a result, although we strive to protect
your personal information, we cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to us
through, or in connection with, the Services. If you have reason to believe that your interaction © 2022 Cigna
with us is no longer secure, please notify us of the problem by contacting us in accordance with
the “Contacting Us” section below.
Information for Employment Applicants

We collect information, including personal contact information, education and work history, as well
as Social Security and similar national identification numbers in order to process and consider
your application. This information, as well as information from your application, may be shared
with background check services and our affiliates, and as otherwise described in this Notice. We
will not sell your application information to unaffiliated third parties for marketing purposes.
Additional Information for Users of a Cigna Mobile Application

When you download and use a Cigna mobile application, we and our service providers may track
and collect application usage data, such as the date and time the application on your device
accesses our servers, what information and files have been downloaded to the application based
on your device number, and whether your device is rooted or jailbroken. When using certain func-
tions via a Cigna mobile application, we may use your location information if your mobile device
uses global positioning system (“GPS”) technology, trackers or other location tools, if you allow
your device to provide this information to the mobile application. We will use this information to
estimate your location and to provide you with more personalized content and/or services.

A Cigna mobile application may also permit you to upload a photograph from your mobile device.
The photograph is for your use only and Cigna will not have access to it. Cigna will not upload it
to a Cigna server. This paragraph does not apply to scans or images of documents you submit to
Cigna in connection with your use of the Services or any services provided by Cigna
Cross-Border Transfers

Your personal information may be transferred to, stored and processed in any country where we
have facilities or in which we engage service providers, including the United States. By using the
Services, you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of resi-
dence, which may have different data protection rules than your country. In certain circumstances,
courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other coun-
tries may be entitled to access your personal information.

Cigna does not represent or warrant that the Services, or any part of them, are appropriate or
available for use in any particular jurisdiction. Those who choose to access the Services do so on
their own initiative and at their own risk and are responsible for complying with all applicable local
laws, rules and regulations.
Changes to this Privacy Notice

We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Notice at any time. If changes are made, we will post
the revised Privacy Notice on our Services or announce the change on the home page of the © 2022 Cigna
website or app. You can determine when we revised the Privacy Notice by referring to the “Last
Updated” date at the top of this notice. Any changes will become effective when we post the
Privacy Notice on our websites. By continuing to use the Services following such changes, you
will be deemed to have consented to such changes. If you do not agr ee with the terms of this
Privacy Notice, in whole or in part, please do not use the Services.
Links to Other Websites

The Services contain links to websites operated by third parties. When you follow any such link,
your interaction will no longer be subject to this Privacy Notice. Instead, your interaction with the
third-party website will be subject to the privacy policies of that third party. We encourage you to
read all legal notices posted on those sites, including their privacy policies.

We provide links through the Services to other websites only as a convenience, and the inclusion
of these links does not imply endorsement of the linked site. We are neither responsible nor liable
for your use of third party websites. We are not responsible for the collection, usage and disclo-
sure policies and practices (including the data security practices) of other organizations, such as
Facebook, Apple, Google, Microsoft, RIM or any other app developer, app provider, social media
platform provider, operating sys tem provider, wireless service provider or device manufacturer,
including with respect to any personal information you disclose to other organizations through or
in connection with our mobile applications or other websites.
State-Specific Privacy Informati on for Residents of California, Colo-
rado, Connecticut, Virginia, and Utah

Residents of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, and Utah may have additional rights with
respect to personal information we collect through our Services, depending on the effective dates
of those states’ laws. Residents of these states should consult the U.S. State Law Privacy Notice,
available from our Privacy Notices page, for additional information.
Other California Privacy Rights

California’s “Shine the Light Law” permits California residents who provide personal information
in obtaining products and services for personal, family, or household use to request certain infor-
mation regarding the disclosure of their personal information to third parties for the third party’s
direct marketing purposes. Eligible individuals may request thi s information once per calendar
year for information that was disclosed in the preceding year. If you are a California customer and
wish to make such a request, please call us at 1.800.234.4077.
Other Access Requests

Certain individuals may have rights to review, correct, update, suppress or delete personal infor-
mation that you have previously provided to us. You may submit such a request by emailing us
here. We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law, but may not accommodate
your request unless legally required to do so. Residents of California, Colorado, Connecticut, © 2022 Cigna
Virginia, and Utah should review the information available in the U. S. State Law Privacy Notice
with respect to rights that may be available to residents of those states.

In your request, please specify what personal information you would like to have changed,
whether you would like to have your personal information suppressed from our database, or oth-
erwise let us know what limitations you would like to put on our use of your personal information.
For your protection, we may only accommodate requests only for personal information associated
with the email address used to submit the request, and we may need to verify your identity before
implementing your request. Please note that, unless required by applicable law to comply with
the request, we reserve to right to refuse any such requests.

Please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes and/or to
complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting a change or deletion. There may
also be residual information that will remain within our databases and other records, which may
not be removed.
Contacting Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice please contact us by email at Privacyof-
fice@Cigna.com or call us toll-free at 1.800.234.4077.