# Privacy Policy

Privacy Notice

I. Introduction

This Privacy Notice details how Plains GP Holdings, L.P., Plains All American Pipeline, L.P., its affiliates and subsidiaries, including Plains Canada Liquid Pipelines ULC, and managed joint ventures (collectively, “Plains,” “we,” “our” or “us”) collect, use and disclose the personal information of individuals with whom we interact, such as our customers or potential customers, landowners, website users, and other stakeholders (“You”). This Privacy Notice applies to all of our activities, unless we have provided you with a separate privacy notice or policy to govern a particular service, activity or relationship.

This Privacy Notice also provides notice to California residents of their rights pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), and as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (“CPRA”).

By accessing or using the Plains website (“Site”) or interacting with us via the Site, you agree that your information and content will be handled in accordance with this Privacy Notice.

Use of our Site is subject to our Terms of Use (“Terms”), including its applicable limitations on damages and the resolution of disputes. The Terms are incorporated by reference into this Privacy Notice.

Unless indicated otherwise, this Privacy Notice does not apply to third party products, services or practices of companies that we do not own or control, including other companies you might interact with through our Site.

II. What Personal information do we collect?

Personal information is any information about an identifiable individual, other than when collected, used or disclosed for the purposes of enabling the individual to be contacted in relation to their business, employment or professional responsibilities. For clarity, information that has been anonymized, so that an individual cannot be reasonably identified therefrom, is not personal information. We collect and maintain different types of personal information in respect of the individuals with whom we interact. We may collect personal information about you directly from you and from third parties, as well as automatically through your use of our Site.

- Information we collect directly from you. In most circumstances, Plains collects personal information directly from you. Examples of personal information that Plains may collect include: contact and identification information, such as your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address; and credit and financial information such as your direct deposit and banking information. We may also collect personal information from you through our investor and public relations activities, including our social media accounts. If you complete the “Join Our Mailing List” webform on our Site, submit your prospective employee information in connection with a job application online or via email or fax to our Human Resources Department, or otherwise submit information to us, we may collect personal information from you. If you complete our “Join Our Mailing List” webform, you will be required to submit your first and last name, zip/postal code, phone number, and email address. You also have the option of providing your company name, title, city and state, and any comments. If you apply for a job online via our Career Opportunities page, we may collect your first, middle and last name, current address, email address, telephone number, driving information and experience (if applying for a driver position), the name of your current employer, your geographic areas of interest for the position, and your resume. If you apply for a professional or field operations position, you will be directed to a third-party provider that collects your application information on our behalf. You will be required to register for an account by providing your first and last name, email address, and password. In Canada, the Plains Midstream Canada Employee Privacy Policy will govern how we collect, use and disclose personal information of applicants for any job postings.

Plains’ operations include activities related to the provision of transportation, storage, processing and marketing solutions for crude oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids. As such, Plains may collect personal information from individuals participating in and/or impacted by those activities, including information related to obtaining permits and licenses, emergency planning and environmental stewardship.

- Information we collect automatically on our site. We may automatically collect the following information about your use of our Site through cookies, the type of Internet browser you are using, and the type of computer operating system you are using (sometimes this information is referred to as “traffic data”). Please see the section “Our Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms” below for more information.

From time to time, we may use the services of third parties. We may receive personal information collected by those third parties in the course of the performance of their services for us or otherwise.

III. Why do we collect personal information?

Plains collects and uses personal information for purposes reasonably required to carry on our business. These purposes include:

- Collection from customers, landowners, and other individuals to confirm identity and related contact information;

- To meet legal, regulatory and contractual obligations to you, and to others;

- To manage, develop and improve our operations and to ensure the safe and efficient operation of our business;

- To obtain permits, licenses, emergency response planning and related implementation, environmental stewardship;

- Carrying out charitable purposes;

- Investigation of complaints;

- Creation, administration and management of surface access arrangements and easements;

- To communicate with you, to respond to your inquiries or request for information, including corporate communications and investor mailings, to allow you to attend our online corporate events, to send your feedback directly to management and for other service purposes;

- To process job applications and determine eligibility for employment, including the verification of references and qualifications;

- To better understand how visitors access and use our Site, both on an aggregated and individualized basis, in order to improve our Site.

As we mention below in “Our Website,” we use the traffic data we collect to improve the Site.

IV. When do we disclose personal information?

We may share your personal information, as follows:

- Affiliates. We may disclose the information we collect from you to our affiliates or subsidiaries to maintain and foster the safety of our operations.

- Service Providers. We may disclose the information we collect from you to service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions on our behalf and may only process the personal information for limited and specified purposes consistent with this Privacy Notice.

- Business Transfers. We may transfer the information we have about you to another organization in the event of a business transaction, including a merger or acquisition, or in connection with a bankruptcy proceeding.

- In Response to Legal Process. We also may disclose the information we collect from you in order to comply with the law, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena.

- To Protect Us and Others. We also may disclose the information we collect from you where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use or this Privacy Notice, or as evidence in litigation in which Plains is involved.

V. Use of Our Website (located at plains.com) (the “Site”).)

We may collect information related to your visit to our website, including the IP address and domain used to access our website, the type and version of your browser, the website you came from to access our website, the page you entered and exited at, any website page within our website that is viewed by that IP address and what country you are from. We use this information to monitor our website’s performance (such as number of visits, average time spent, page views) and for our business purposes such as working to continually upgrade our website

We may place a “cookie” on the hard drive of your computer to track your visit. A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to your hard drive through your web browser that can only be read by the website that placed the cookie on your hard drive. The cookie acts as an identification card and allows our website to identify you and to record your passwords and preferences. The cookie allows us to track your visit to the website so that we can better understand your use of our website so that we can customize and tailor the website to better meet your needs. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies. However, on most web browsers you may change this setting to have your web browser either: (i) notify you prior to a website placing a cookie on your hard drive so that you can decide whether or not to accept the cookie; or (ii) automatically prevent the placing of a cookie on your hard drive. It should be noted that if cookies are not accepted, you may not be able to access a number of web pages found on the website.

Finally, our website may contain links to other websites that may be subject to less stringent privacy standards. We are not responsible for the privacy practices, policies or actions of the third parties that operate these websites. Plains is not responsible for how such third parties collect, use or disclose your personal information. You should review the privacy policies of these websites before providing them with personal information.

Our Site utilizes a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect and maintain statistical information about use of our Site. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit our Site, what pages they visit when they do so, and how traffic arrives at our Site. Plains uses the information it gets from Google Analytics only to improve our Site. Plains does not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with other personal information.

Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit this site. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to Our Site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. Our Site may use other cookies or other tracking technologies to enable easier access for our visitors and to improve the tracking and collection of traffic data. You may adjust your internet browser or operating system to limit the gathering of traffic data and the use of cookies. Please consult your internet browser’s or operating system’s website and/or Google Analytics’ privacy policies for more information regarding cookies and controlling your tracking preferences. If you do disable or opt out of receiving cookies, please be aware that some features and services on the Site may not work as intended and you may not have access to all of the services and features we may offer.

VI. Consent

It is important to us that we collect, use or disclose your personal information where we have your consent to do so. Typically, we will seek your consent at the time that we collect your personal information. In certain circumstances, your consent may be obtained after collection but prior to our use or disclosure of your personal information. If we plan to use or disclose your personal information for a purpose not previously identified (either in this Privacy Notice or separately), we will advise you of that purpose before such use or disclosure in accordance with applicable law.

Depending on the sensitivity of the personal information, your consent may be express, implied or deemed (using an opt-out mechanism). Express consent can be given orally, electronically or in writing. Implied consent is consent that can reasonably be inferred from your action or inaction. For example, when you enter into an agreement with us, we will assume your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information for purposes related to the performance of that agreement and for any other purposes identified to you at the relevant time.

We assume that, unless you advise us otherwise, you have consented to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as explained in this Privacy Notice. We may collect, use or disclose your personal information without your knowledge or consent where we are permitted or required to do so by applicable law or regulatory requirements.

You may change or withdraw your consent at any time, subject to legal or contractual obligations and reasonable notice, by contacting us in writing using the contact information below.

VII. How is your personal information protected?

Plains will endeavor to maintain physical, technical and procedural safeguards that are appropriate to the sensitivity of the personal information in question. These safeguards are designed to prevent your personal information from loss and unauthorized access, collection, use, disclosure, copying, modification, disposal or destruction.

The security of your personal information is important to us. Please contact us immediately of any incident involving the loss of, unauthorized access to, or disclosure of personal information that is in our custody or control using the contact information below.

VIII. Updating your personal information

It is important that the information contained in our records is both accurate and current. If your personal information happens to change during the course of our relationship, please keep us informed of such changes.

In some circumstances we may not agree with your request to change your personal information and will instead append an alternative text to the record in question.

IX. Residents of Canada: Access to your personal information

If you want to review, verify or correct your personal information, please contact us at the contact information below. Please note that any such communication must be in writing.

When requesting access to your personal information that we hold, we may request specific information from you to enable us to confirm your identity and right to access, as well as to search for and provide you with such personal information. We may charge you a fee to access your personal information; however, we will advise you of any fee in advance.

Your right to access the personal information that we hold about you is not absolute. There are instances where applicable law or regulatory requirements allow or require us to refuse to provide some or all of the personal information that we hold about you. In addition, the personal information may have been destroyed, erased or made anonymous in accordance with our record retention obligations and practices. In the event that we cannot provide you with access to your personal information, we will endeavor to inform you of the reasons why, subject to any legal or regulatory restrictions.

X. Notice to California Residents — Your California privacy rights

If you are a California resident, you have certain rights, pursuant to the CCPA/CPRA. These CCPA/CPRA rights may only apply in certain circumstances and are subject to certain exemptions. Please see the table below for a summary of your rights. You can exercise these rights using the contact details in Section XIII below.

| Right to Know
| As a California resident, you have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect, use, disclose and/or sell.

| Right to Request Deletion
| As a California resident, you have a right to request the deletion of your personal information collected or maintained by us.

| Right to Non-Discrimination
| As a California resident, you have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of any of your CCPA/CPRA rights.

| Right to Correct
| As a California resident, you have a right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information collected or maintained by us.

| Authorized Agent
| As a California resident, you can exercise your CCPA/CPRA rights or you can designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf.

| Contact Us for More Information
| If you have questions about this Notice, including anything in this section about your CCPA/CPRA Rights, please contact us using the contact details in Section 11 below.

| Category of personal information
| Sources of personal information
| Business or commercial purpose for which it was collected
| Categories of third parties with whom the business shares personal information

| Identifiers (name, telephone number, mailing address, email address)
| Directly from you; via our service providers
| For our operational purposes, including performing services, providing customer service and advertising, providing marketing services, or providing analytic services
| N/A

| Categories of personal information listed in Section 1798.80(e) (including name, signature, social security number, telephone number, driver’s license or state identification card number)
| Directly from you; via our service providers
| For our operational purposes, including performing services, providing customer service, providing payments, or providing analytic services
| N/A

To submit a verifiable consumer request, you or your authorized agent can do so using any of the following designated request methods: email dataprivacy@plains.com, or call our toll-free number at 1-800-930-8348. We may ask for certain information to verify the request in accordance with applicable law. Any information collected for verification purposes is subject to this Privacy Notice as well.

We did not disclose or sell any personal information to third parties for their business or commercial purposes during the last 12 months. We do not and will not sell personal information, including any information of minors under 16 years of age.

If you would like to print a copy of this Privacy Notice, please select the “Print” button in your web browser.

XI. Transfers of personal information

We are headquartered in the United States and currently our services are only intended for individuals located in the United States and Canada. If you are located outside of the United States, be advised that any information you provide to us will be transferred to and stored in the United States and that, by submitting information to us, you explicitly authorize its transfer and storage within the United States. We will protect the privacy and security of personal information according to this Privacy Notice regardless of where it is processed or stored.

XII. Children

Our Site is not intended for use by individuals under the age of 18, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from such individuals.

XIII. Contact Us

If you have questions about this Privacy Notice, please contact us:

In the United States:

Call us at 1-800-930-8348, email us at dataprivacy@plains.com or write us at:

Plains All American

333 Clay Street, Suite 1600

Houston, Texas 77002

In Canada:

Contact the Privacy Officer by email at PCLPlegalnotices@plains.com or write to the Privacy Officer at:
Plains Canada Liquid Pipelines ULC

1400, 607 – 8th Avenue S.W.

Calgary, Alberta T2P 0A7

XIV. Changes to this Privacy Notice

Plains may make changes to this Privacy Notice to reflect changes in its legal or regulatory obligations, or in the manner in which we deal with your personal information. We will post any revised version of this Privacy Notice on our website, and we encourage you to refer back to it on a regular basis.

This Privacy Notice was last updated in May 2026.