## Investor Privacy Notice

Effective Date: August 30, 2024

This privacy notice (“InvestorPrivacy Notice”) specifically addresses how Macy’s, Inc. collects, uses, shares, and protects personal information collected through its website available at http://www.macysinc.com (the “Site”).Macy’s, Inc. may change or add to the Investor Privacy Notice, so we encourage you to review it periodically. The Investor Privacy Notice does not apply to personal information Macy’s, macys.com, Macy’s Backstage, Market by Macy’s, Bloomingdale’s, bloomingdales.com, Bloomie’s, Bloomingdale’s Outlet, Bluemercury, bluemercury.com, or m61labs.com collects in connection with its consumer-facing products and services.

What information is collected or used by Macy’s, Inc. through the Site?

Macy’s, Inc. may collect the following personal information from or about you when you use the Site:

- First and last name

- Email address

- Phone number

Macy’s, Inc. also collects certain data automatically when you use the Site. We may obtain information by automated means such as through browser cookies, pixels, web server logs, web beacons, and other technologies.You can use the cookie preferences link at the footer of the Site to learn more about the types of cookies we use and how you can opt out.

How is this information used?

Macy’s, Inc. uses this personal information to:

- Connect with you regarding your interest in Macy’s, Inc.

- Communicate with you, including by responding to your inquiries through our Contact Us page here.

If you ask to be added to our email list for press releases or investor news, your name will be added to the list of people who receive such emails. However, you may opt-out of receiving those emails at any time.

How is this information protected?

The Site maintains physical, procedural, technical, and administrative measures designed to safeguard the personal information we obtain and use.

How to contact Macy’s, Inc.?

If you have any questions about the Macy’s, Inc. Privacy Notice, please contact our Customer Service department via email at privacy.master@macys.com.

To view the Notice of Privacy Practices for Macy’s in-store and e-commerce services, macys.com, please click Here.

To view the Notice of Privacy Practices for Bloomingdale’s in-store and e-commerce services, bloomingdales.com, please click Here.

To view the Notice of Privacy Practices for Bluemercury in-store and e-commerce services, bluemercury.com, please click Here.