FACTS WHAT DOES PNC DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why? Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives
consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you
how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully
to understand what we do.
What? The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you
have with us. This information can include:
• Social Security number and income
• Account balances and account transactions
• Credit scores and payment history
How? All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday
business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’
personal information, the reasons PNC chooses to share, and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information Does PNC share? Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes —
such as to process your transactions, maintain your
account(s), conduct portfolio analysis, respond to court
orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes No
For our marketing purposes —
to offer our products and services to you
Yes No
For joint marketing with other financial companies Yes Yes
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes —
information about your transactions and experiences
Yes No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes —
information about your creditworthiness
Yes Yes
For our affiliates to market to you Yes Yes
For non-affiliates to market to you No We don’t share
To limit
our sharing
• Call 1-800-762-2118 — our menu will prompt you through your choice(s)
• Visit us online: www.PNC.com/privacy (Online Banking customers only)
Please note:
If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date
we sent this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your
information as described in this notice.
However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.
Questions? Call 1-800-762-2118
3.NF-082-01-0626
Rev. June 2026
160787-0626 Page 2
Who we are
Who is providing this notice? PNC Bank, National Association; PNC Wealth Management, LLC; PNC Capital Advisors, LLC;
PNC Capital Markets, LLC; PNC Delaware Trust Company; PNC Ohio Trust Company;
PNC Alternatives Solutions, LLC
What we do
How does PNC protect my
personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use
security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer
safeguards and secured files and buildings.
Additionally, PNC requires and trains its employees to comply with its privacy standards and
policies, which are designed to protect customer information.
How does PNC collect my
personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
• open an account or deposit money
• pay your bills or apply for a loan
• use your credit or debit card
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus,
affiliates, or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing? Federal law gives you the right to limit only
• sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes — information about
your creditworthiness
• affiliates from using your information to market to you
• sharing for non-affiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit
sharing. See below for more on your rights under state law.
What happens when I limit
sharing for an account I hold
jointly with someone else?
Your choices will apply to everyone on your account, unless you tell us otherwise.
Definitions
Affiliates Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and
nonfinancial companies.
• Our affiliates include companies with the PNC name, and financial companies such as
PNC Wealth Management, LLC.
Non-affiliates Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and
nonfinancial companies.
• PNC does not share with non-affiliates so they can market to you.
Joint marketing A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market
financial products or services to you.
• Our joint marketing partners include mortgage and lending companies, insurance
companies, and other companies that provide financial products and services.
Other important information
All statements to Federal Law mentioned above reference U.S. Federal Law. California and Vermont: If your account has a
California or Vermont billing address, we will automatically limit sharing your information with affiliates and non-affiliates or for
joint marketing with other financial companies. Nevada Residents Only: Nevada’s telemarketing law requires PNC to inform you
that to stop marketing calls from PNC, you will need to be placed on the PNC Do Not Call List. To be placed on the PNC Do Not
Call List follow the instructions in the “To Limit Our Sharing” section of this notice. Nevada law requires that we also provide you
with the following contact information: Office of the Nevada Attorney General, telephone: 1-702-486-3132; email: aginfo@ag.nv.gov;
100 North Carson Street, Carson City, NV 89701. PNC Information Sharing Options: telephone: 1-800-762-2118; via PNC Online
and Mobile Banking under Privacy Preferences. Important information about phone calls, texts, prerecorded and email
messages: If, at any time, you provide to PNC Bank, its affiliates or designees (PNC) contact numbers that are wireless telephone
number(s) including, but not limited to, cell or VoIP numbers, you are consenting to PNC using an automated dialing system to call or
text you, or to send prerecorded messages to you, in order to service, and collect on, any PNC personal account(s) and business
account(s) (for which you are an authorized signer, guarantor or designated contact person). For any type of phone calls with
PNC, your call may be recorded for security, fraud prevention, training, and quality assurance purposes. By providing your email
address, you consent to receive electronic mail from PNC.