UNITED STATES STEEL CORPORATION
PRIVACY POLICY FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
Updated: August 29, 2025
This Privacy Policy provides specific information for residents of California. California laws, including the
California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), require that United States Steel Corporation and its
subsidiaries (collectively, U. S. Steel, “we,” “us,” or “our”) provide certain information to California
residents about how we handle their personal information that we wi ll collect or have collected, whether
online or offline.
If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, or would like more detail on how we collect or
use personal information, please email us at privacy@uss.com or call 877-817-8358 (toll free).
Categories of Personal Information that We Collect or Disclose
The table below identifies categories of personal information about California residents that we may collect or
disclose or have collected and disclosed in the preceding 12 months for a business purpose. U. S. Steel does
not collect or process sensitive personal information for the purpose of inferring characteristics about the
consumer. U. S. Steel does not use or disclose sensitive personal information except as permitted by California
Code § 7027(m). U. S. Steel does not sell or share the personal information of California residents, including
those under the age of 16.
Disclose for
Categories of Personal Information1 Collect? business
purpose?
Basic Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal
identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account
name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other
similar identifiers.
✓ ✓
Cal. Code 1798.80 Information such as signature, physical characteristics or
description, telephone number, and education, employment, financial, medical,
or health insurance information.
✓ ✓
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law such
as race, color, sex, age, religion, national origin, disability, and citizenship status. ✓ ✓
Commercial Information such as records of personal property, products or
services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming
histories or tendencies.
✓ ✓
Biometric information such as fingerprints, retina scans, or facial recognition.
Network activity information such as browsing history, search history,
and information regarding interaction with an Internet website, application,
or advertisement.
✓ ✓
Geolocation data. ✓

1 This table does not include information publicly available in government records, de -identified or aggregated California
resident information, or information excluded from the CCPA’s scope, such as health or medical information covered by HIPAA
or personal information covered by certain other privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm -
Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of
1994.

2
Disclose for
Categories of Personal Information1 Collect? business
purpose?
Sensory Information such as audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar
information.

Professional or employment-related information, such as corporate service dates,
emergency contact information, and job information. ✓ ✓
Education information, defined as information that is not publicly available
personally identifiable information as defined in the Family Educational Rights and
Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99). ✓

Inferential information drawn from any of the information identified above to create
a profile about a resident reflecting the resident’s preferences, characteristics,
psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and
aptitudes.

Sources of Personal Information
We may obtain the categories of personal information described above from the following categories of
sources:
• Directly or indirectly from you or your agents. For example, from documents that you provide to us
or from forms that you fill out.
• Directly or indirectly from activity at our facilities or on our website (www.ussteel.com), intranet,
U. S. Steel -provided internet service, or on U. S. Steel devices. For example, from submissions
through our website portal or website usage details collected automatically. We also use Google
Analytics, which uses cookies to gather information about website use. We use this information to
analyze the use of our website and improve the user experience. Google’s privacy policy is available
at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy.
• From third parties who may provide us with your information. For example, from entities that you
direct to disclose your personal information to us.
Uses of Personal Information
We may use the types of personal information described above for one or more of the following purposes:
• To communicate with you or your company. For example, to provide information about your
employment or to provide email alerts and other notices concerning our company, products, or
services, or events or news, that may be of interest to you.
• To facilitate transactions. For example, for shipping, delivery, or distribution, to make or receive
payments, or for contract management.
• As part of ordinary business processes. For example, as part of Human Resources processes like
hiring or promoting employees, or for payroll and benefits.
• To improve internal processes. For example, to improve our website or intranet and better present
their contents to you.
• For research, analysis, and product development.
• As necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, security, or safety of U. S. Steel, our
employees, customers, or others.
• As necessary or appropriate to prevent, detect, and investi gate fraud or other suspected illegal
activities or to investigate claims or allegations.
• To establish, exercise, or defend legal claims.
• To support reporting and legal compliance.

3
• In cooperation with law enforcement or as required or permitted by applicable law, court order, or
regulation.
• As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the
CCPA.
Our policy is to retain personal information as required to satisfy business needs and not longer than is
reasonably necessary to complete the disclosed purposes for which it was collected , subject to our legal,
regulatory, and other compliance obligations.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use previously collected personal
information for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice,
except as required or permitted by law.
Disclosures of Personal Information
U. S. Steel may disclose the personal information described above to various third parties. Such disclosures
may be made to service providers or contractors who use the information in compliance with our
instructions, to companies and individuals as necessary to facilitate the operation of U. S. Steel’s business,
and to other entities, such as government authorities, as required or permitted by law. For example,
U. S. Steel may disclose certain personal information as part of human resources or due diligence processes,
or as necessary to make or receive payments for goods or services provided. U. S. Steel seeks to limit
disclosures to only the information necessar y to fulfil the legal or business purpose for which the
information is being disclosed.
California Resident Rights
California law grants certain rights to California residents and imposes restrictions on particular business
practices. Subject to certain exceptions, California residents have the right to make the following requests:
Deletion: The right to request deletion of personal information that we have collected about them, subject
to certain exemptions (such as where the information is used by us to detect security incidents or to comply
with a legal obligation).
Correct: The right to request correction of any inaccurate personal information that we maintain.
Right to Know: The right to request that we disclose information about how we have handled their personal
information in the prior 12 months (or longer, if requested and certain conditions are met), at no charge, up
to twice in a 12-month period, including the:
• Categories of personal information collected;
• Categories of sources of personal information;
• Business and/or commercial purposes for collecting their personal information;
• Specific pieces of personal information collected;
• Categories of third parties to whom we have disclosed their personal information; and
• Categories of personal information that we have disclosed for a business purpose.
Submitting Requests. A request to exercise California resident rights can be submitted via online webform at
www.ussteel.com/ccpa or by contacting us at 877-817-8358 (toll free). Authorized agents may submit requests
using these same methods, but we may require proof of authorization during the verification process. Once we
receive your request, we will respond within 10 business days confirming receipt and providing information
about how we will process the request, including the verification process. We will attempt to respond to a
California resident’s verified request within 45 days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days total),
we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
Verification. We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify
your identity and/or your authority to make the request and confirm the relevant personal information relates
to you. As such, we may request that you provide some form of identifying information during the verification

4
process, for example an employee number, date of birth, driver’s license number, or similar identifier. We will
only use personal information provided in a California resident’s request to verify the requestor’s identity
and/or authority to make the request.
Incentives and Non -Discrimination. The CCPA prohibits discrimination against California residents
(including retaliation against any employee, applicant for employment, or independent contractor) for
exercising their rights under the CCPA and imposes requirements on any financial incentives offered to
California residents related to their personal information. U. S. Steel does not provide any such financial
incentives related to the personal information of California residents. U. S. Steel also does not discriminate
or retaliate against individuals for exercising rights under the CCPA.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at our discretion and at any time. To ask questions or
comment regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: privacy@uss.com.