ADP, the ADP logo, and Always Designing for People are trademarks of ADP, Inc.
ADP Business
ADP Global Privacy Policy
Automatic Data Processing, Inc. and all its consolidated subsidiaries (“ADP”, “us”, “we”) is
committed to being transparent about its data processing activities and to protecting all Personal
Data that is entrusted to us by ADP Associates, Contingent Workers and job applicants, client
employees and workers, and business contacts such as Clients, prospects, consumers, website
users or vendors (“Individuals”).
ADP has adopted Binding Corporate Rules (BCR) Codes which establish the rules for Processing
Personal Data at ADP either as a Data Processor or as a Data Controller.
When serving as a Data Processor, ADP shall only process Personal Data of Individuals in
accordance with its Client Service Agreement and other instructions that it receives from its
Clients. Where applicable, ADP shall also comply with its Binding Corporate Rules Code for Client
Data Processing Services (the Processor Code) which provides the primary legal basis for transfers
of Personal Data of Individuals from European locations to ADP Group Companies located outside of
the European Economic Area (EEA).
Capitalized words in this document are defined in the Glossary provided under section IV below.
I. ADP’s Privacy Principles
A. Providing Notice and Transparency
ADP publishes Privacy Statements to explain its Data handling practices to those
Individuals for whom Personal Data is Processed by ADP. A Privacy Statement will be
available when ADP collects Personal Data from the Individual as a Data Controller, and will
also be provided upon request, in accordance with the applicable BCR Code.
B. Providing Choice and Obtaining Consent
ADP is committed to respecting the choices of Individuals regarding the Processing of their
Personal Data. ADP provides Individuals with opportunities to choose how their Personal
Data is Processed, as outlined in the respective BCR Codes. ADP will Process Personal Data
in accordance with the approved Business Purposes outlined in the respective BCR Codes,
and the scope of the Processing is limited to the applicable Business Purpose.
When a new or different Business Purpose is identified for Processing Personal Data, an
evaluation of the Processing is required to determine if it is permissible. In some cases,
consent from the Individual may be required.Date Issued: 04/15/2019
Last Updated: 10/15/2024
Last Reviewed: 06/01/2026
Page 2 of 7
ADP, the ADP logo, and Always Designing for People are trademarks of ADP, Inc.
ADP Business
C. Collecting and Using Personal Data
The collection and use of Personal Data is limited to those elements that are reasonably
needed to achieve the specific Business Purpose and ADP strives to use Personal Data that
are accurate, current and complete, consistent with the Business Purpose.
Additionally, Sensitive Personal Data may include Special Categories of Data which may
only be Processed under certain circumstances as described in the BCR Codes, or Services
Agreements, where the BCR Codes do not apply.
In some cases, we may permanently de-identify Personal Data so that it cannot reasonably
be used to infer information about, or otherwise be linked to, a specific individual. Where
we do so, we will continue to maintain and use it only in a de-identified fashion and will not
attempt to re-identify the data.
D. Accessing and Correcting Personal Data
ADP is committed to providing Individuals with a reasonable opportunity to examine their
own Personal Data and to update it if it is incorrect. Subject to any limitations provided by
Applicable Law, ADP will provide Individuals with a copy of their Personal Data that is
maintained by ADP under our Workplace Code or our Business Data Code.
When Processing Personal Data on behalf of its Client, ADP will support and assist the
Client in addressing Individuals’ requests, in accordance with the terms of the Service
Agreement between ADP and the Client.
ADP also complies with other Individual rights as required by Applicable Law. Where
reasonable, ADP will also provide other information that may be requested by an Individual,
such as the source of the Personal Data or the Business Purposes for which ADP Processes
Personal Data and other information that may be required by Applicable Law.
E. Accuracy and Retention of Personal Data
ADP is committed to setting appropriate standards for both the quantity and quality of the
Personal Data that it processes. Reasonable measures are used to keep Personal Data
appropriately accurate, complete and up-to-date, as needed for the Processing being
performed. In many cases, ADP will rely on Individuals to use their own ability to access and
correct Personal Data to ensure the accuracy of the Data.
ADP has implemented a Global Records Information Management (RIM) Policy and has
established records retention schedules for Personal Data that ADP processes. Personal
Data is retained in accordance with the records retention schedules to ensure that recordsDate Issued: 04/15/2019
Last Updated: 10/15/2024
Last Reviewed: 06/01/2026
Page 3 of 7
ADP, the ADP logo, and Always Designing for People are trademarks of ADP, Inc.
ADP Business
containing Personal Data are retained as needed to fulfill the applicable Business Purposes,
or to comply with applicable laws.
F. Protecting Personal Data while it is transferred to Third Parties
Personal Data may be transferred across national borders in compliance with laws that
regulate cross-border data transfers and with adequate protection for the information. The
BCR Codes, and, if applicable, any Services Agreements, specify when and how Personal
Data may be transferred to Third Parties. Where applicable, ADP will transfer Personal Data
to Third Parties on behalf of our Clients as permitted by our Processor Code. As a Data
Controller, ADP will transfer Personal Data as permitted by the approved Business
Purposes defined in our Workplace Code and Business Data Code. When ADP, as a Data
Processor, transfers Personal Data, the Processor Code ensures adequate levels of
protection for the transfer of Personal Data from the EEA to outside jurisdictions.
ADP may disclose Personal Data to Third Party Processors that have been reviewed by
ADP’s Global Security Organization for privacy and security compliance and that are bound
by a written service agreement with ADP containing appropriate privacy and security
terms.
II. Compliance
A. Privacy by Design
Privacy by Design requires that privacy and data protection controls be built into new
products and services that ADP offers. ADP has implemented the standards and procedures
for ADP Associates and Contingent Workers who develop products or services for ADP.
B. Security Incidents
Within ADP’s Global Security Organization, comprehensive enterprise-wide policies and
procedures are in place for managing, tracking and reporting security incidents. ADP’s
security policies require logging of all actual security incidents reported to ADP by
Associates, Clients or other third parties. Once a security incident is reported, ADP’s
incident response process is designed to ensure that all incidents are addressed in a timely
and effective manner and in accordance with ADP security policies, procedures, and legal
requirements. When necessary, procedures for the notification of Clients, Individuals and
all other parties who may be impacted by the incident are initiated, and appropriate
remedial actions are taken.
III. Governance
Our audit committee of the board of directors oversees matters of privacy and receives
reports on these matters at each meeting from our chief legal and compliance officer, as
well as regular updates from our head of compliance, including on related risk assessment
and risk management activities. On a management level, ADP’s privacy program is led byDate Issued: 04/15/2019
Last Updated: 10/15/2024
Last Reviewed: 06/01/2026
Page 4 of 7
ADP, the ADP logo, and Always Designing for People are trademarks of ADP, Inc.
ADP Business
ADP’s global chief privacy officer and the members of the global data privacy and
governance team, in cooperation with the privacy stewards of all of ADP’s business units
and functional areas. Our global chief privacy officer provides regular reports to our
company’s executive committee, and our audit committee is actively engaged in the
oversight of our global privacy program.Date Issued: 04/15/2019
Last Updated: 10/15/2024
Last Reviewed: 06/01/2026
Page 5 of 7
ADP, the ADP logo, and Always Designing for People are trademarks of ADP, Inc.
ADP Business
IV. Glossary
ADP (ADP
Group)
ADP (the ADP GROUP) means, collectively, Automatic Data Processing, Inc.
(the Parent Company) and the Group Companies, including ADP, Inc.
Applicable
Law
APPLICABLE LAW means any privacy or data protection laws that are
applicable to any particular Processing activities.
Associate ASSOCIATE means an Applicant, a current ADP employee, or a former ADP
employee.
Binding
Corporate
Rules
BINDING CORPORATE RULES means a privacy policy of a group of related
companies considered to provide an adequate level of protection for the
transfer of Personal Data within that group of companies under Applicable
Law.
Business
Purpose
BUSINESS PURPOSE means a legitimate purpose for Processing Personal Data
as specified in Article 2, 3 or 4 of any ADP Code, or for Processing Special
Categories of Data as specified in Article 4 of any ADP Code.
Client CLIENT means any company that utilizes one or more ADP products or services
in the course of its own business.
Code CODE means (as applicable) the ADP Privacy Code for Business Data, the ADP
Workplace Privacy Code (internal to ADP), and the ADP Privacy Code for Client
Data Processing Services; collectively referred to as the Codes.
Contingent
Worker
CONTINGENT WORKER means an Individual who provides services to ADP (and
who are subject to ADP’s direct supervision) on a provisional or non-permanent
basis, such as temporary workers, contract workers, independent contractors,
or consultants.
Data
Controller
DATA CONTROLLER means the entity or natural person which alone, or jointly
with others, determines the purposes and means of the Processing of Personal
Data.
Data
Processor
DATA PROCESSOR means the entity or natural person which Processes
Personal Data on behalf of a Data Controller.Date Issued: 04/15/2019
Last Updated: 10/15/2024
Last Reviewed: 06/01/2026
Page 6 of 7
ADP, the ADP logo, and Always Designing for People are trademarks of ADP, Inc.
ADP Business
Group
Company
GROUP COMPANY means any legal entity that is an affiliate of Automatic Data
Processing, Inc. and/or ADP, Inc., if either Automatic Data Processing, Inc. or
ADP, Inc. directly or indirectly owns more than 50% of the issued share capital,
has 50% or more of the voting power at general meetings of shareholders, has
the power to appoint a majority of the directors, or otherwise directs the
activities of such legal entity.
Individual INDIVIDUAL means any identified or identifiable natural person whose
Personal Data are Processed by ADP either as a Data Processor or a Data
Controller.
Personal
Data or Data
PERSONAL DATA or DATA means any information relating to an identified or
identifiable Individual. Personal Data may also be referred to as personal
information in policies and standards that implement the Codes.
Privacy
Network
PRIVACY NETWORK means the members of the Global Data Privacy and
Governance team and other members of the Legal department, including
compliance professionals, and Data Protection Officers who are in charge of
privacy compliance within their respective regions, countries, Business Units
or Functional areas.
Privacy
Steward
PRIVACY STEWARD means an ADP executive who has been appointed by a
Responsible Executive and/or ADP’s Executive Leadership to implement and
enforce the Privacy Codes within an ADP Business Unit.
Processing PROCESSING means any operation that is performed on Personal Data,
whether or not by automatic means, such as collection, recording, storage,
organization, alteration, use, disclosure (including the granting of remote
access), transmission, or deletion of Personal Data.
Services
Agreement
SERVICES AGREEMENT means any contract, agreement, or terms pursuant to
which ADP provides Client Services to a Client.Date Issued: 04/15/2019
Last Updated: 10/15/2024
Last Reviewed: 06/01/2026
Page 7 of 7
ADP, the ADP logo, and Always Designing for People are trademarks of ADP, Inc.
ADP Business
Sensitive
Personal
Data
SENSITIVE PERSONAL DATA is a subset of personal data that has been
classified by law or by ADP policy as deserving additional privacy and security
protections. Sensitive personal data includes things such as government-
issued identification numbers, individual financial account numbers, individual
medical records, genetic information and biometric information, and consumer
reporting data, including employment background screening reports.
Special
Categories of
Data
SPECIAL CATEGORIES OF DATA means Personal Data that reveal an
Individual's racial or ethnic origin, political opinions or membership in political
parties or similar organizations, religious or philosophical beliefs, membership
in a professional or trade organization or union, physical or mental health
including any opinion thereof, disabilities, genetic code, addictions, sex life,
criminal offenses, criminal records, or proceedings with regard to criminal or
unlawful behavior.
Third Party THIRD PARTY means any person, private organization, or government body
that is not an ADP Company.
Third Party
Processor
THIRD PARTY PROCESSOR means a Third Party that Processes Personal Data
on behalf of ADP that is not under the direct authority of ADP.