XCEL ENERGY PRIVACY NOTICE
Overview
Xcel Energy Inc. and its wholly owned affliates and subsidiaries (collectively, “Xcel Energy”) understands that privacy is important to
you, and we take your privacy seriously. This Privacy Notice (“Notice”) describes our privacy practices as it pertains to your Personal
Information, defned as any information linked, or linkable, to any identifed or identifable individual.
This Notice explains:
• What information we collect from and about you when you use our products and services, communicate with us, visit our website,
or interact with us through social media.
• How we use and share the information we collect.
• With whom we share this information.
• The choices we offer you regarding your information, and how to exercise those choices.
• How you can access and request that we correct the information we maintain about you.
• How we safeguard the information we maintain.
• How you can ask questions about our privacy practices and seek resolution of any concerns you may have regarding our handling of
your information.
Information we collect and how it’s used
We may obtain information about you through various sources, such as:
• Phone, e-mail, social media and other means by which you communicate with us.
• An Xcel Energy installed utility meter at your home or business.
• Xcel Energy website, social media pages, mobile applications and other interactive assets that you access.
• Surveys, contests, sweepstakes, rebates and other promotions.
• Our parent, affliate or subsidiary companies.
• Our service providers and other third parties (such as credit reporting agencies).
The types of information we may obtain about you include:
• Contact information (such as name, postal address, e-mail address, and phone number). We use this information to provide you
with service, establish and maintain your account, run our business, communicate with you, and provide customer support. Your
e-mail address may be used to deliver targeted advertisements to you.
• Sensitive Personal Information (such as date of birth, social security number, driver’s license number, or government ID number).
We use this information when setting up your new service, to confrm your identity, protect against fraud, and aid our ability to
collect on past-due debts.
• Demographic information (such as home ownership status and estimated household income). We use this information to
anticipate your need to enroll in our energy assistance programs.
• Details about your home (such as dwelling age, size and type, and details about appliances and other energy-related equipment
used in the home). We use this information to gauge your interest in our energy effciency programs and market these programs and
services to you.
• Program participation information (such as our renewable energy, energy effciency, electric vehicle, or energy conservation
programs). We use this information to facilitate your participation in these programs.

XCEL ENERGY PRIVACY NOTICE
• Your payment history and details (such as payment amounts and dates, fnancial account number, routing number, and billing
address). We use this information to process payments for our services.
• Username or ID and password for an account you may establish on our website. We use this information to provide you access to
and maintain the security of your MyAccount.
• Energy usage data specifc to your account (the type of energy usage data collected from utility meters and the frequency with
which we collect that information varies depending on the type of meter installed; our website provides more information about our
metering technology).
• Information from credit reporting agencies . We use this information to market our programs and services to you and perform
analytics (such as market research and trend analysis).
• Information from you about the medical condition of individuals in your home . We use this information to the extent
necessary to promote your safety or the safety of Xcel Energy employees.
• Web browsing details . When you visit our website or social media pages, we may collect certain information by automated
means (such as cookies and web beacons). We also may use website analytics tools that collect information about your visits to
our website or social media pages (such as IP address, time and length of visits to our website, site navigation patterns, general
geographic location; and search terms used to reach our website). We use this information to evaluate and enhance usage of
our website.
– A “cookie” is a text fle that a website sends to a visitor’s computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify the
visitor’s browser or to store information or settings in the browser.
– A “web beacon,” also known as an Internet tag, pixel tag or clear GIF, is used to transmit information back to a web server.
• Other information you may provide to us. We may use any information you provide to us to operate, evaluate and improve our
business and the products and services we offer (such as developing new and analyzing existing products and services, optimizing
customer experience, managing our energy distribution system, reducing costs and improving service accuracy and reliability,
managing risk exposure, and performing accounting, auditing and other internal functions).
Online advertising
Y
ou may see ads about our products and services on other websites because we participate in advertising networks. Ad networks
allow us to target our advertising to users through demographic, behavioral and contextual means. These networks track your online
activities over time by collecting information through automated means, including using cookies, web server logs, web beacons
and other methods. The ad network vendors may collect information about your visits to websites that participate in the vendors’
advertising networks, such as the pages or advertisements you have viewed, and the actions you take on the sites. The networks use
this information to show you advertisements for our products and services. This data collection and ad targeting takes place both on
our website and on third-party websites that participate in the ad networks. This process also helps us track the effectiveness of our
marketing efforts. To opt-out of targeted advertising, you can submit an opt-out request.
Information disclosures
Overview
W
e do not disclose information about you except as described in this Notice. This means that, with the exception of disclosures of the
information described in this Notice and any disclosures you or your authorized agent have specifcally authorized, you can expect that
we will keep the information that we maintain about you private and confdential, and not otherwise disclose it.
As we explain in the next section, certain disclosures of information about you do not require your consent because they are
specifcally permitted or required by applicable laws and regulations. Other disclosures will only occur after we obtain your explicit
authorization. We do not sell your information .
Nothing in this Notice precludes you from directly sharing your own information with a third-party that may or may not be affliated
with Xcel Energy. In such circumstances, Xcel Energy is not responsible for unauthorized disclosure or use of that information by the
third-party to which you disclose your information.

Information disclosures for which authorization is not required
W
e may disclose information about you:
• As required or permitted by law or applicable regulations, including to a federal, state or local governmental agency with the power
to compel such disclosure, or in response to a subpoena or court order.
• To service providers who perform services on our behalf (such as billing and payment processors, collection agencies, external
auditors, data analytics service providers, companies that facilitate customer notifcations on our behalf, and companies that assist
us in providing products and services to customers).
• Including aggregated or de-identifed energy usage data to third-parties. We aggregate and/or anonymize the information in
accordance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements, including those designed to prevent the re-identifcation of the
information.
• In connection with: referral of past due accounts for collection or sale of such accounts, a transfer of service rights to another utility
provider (which would generally be subject to your state Public Utility or Public Service Commission review and approval).
Information disclosures that require customer authorization
Y
ou may access your energy usage data and share it with a third party using My Account.
We may share certain information about you with a third party if you have authorized the disclosure in writing, including:
• Requests for disclosure of energy usage data can be submitted with the Consent to Disclose Utility Customer Data form in English
or in Spanish.
• Requests for disclosure of customer information other than energy usage data can be submitted with the One-Time Release of
Information form for service verifcation letters, credit reference letters, and lock authorization forms.
Prior to authorizing the disclosure of your information to a third-party, you should consider the third-party’s proposed scope, purpose,
and use of the information, including whether they can use it for other purposes that may extend beyond the intent for which you
initially authorized its disclosure.
With respect to disclosures of energy usage data, please note that depending on the type of metering equipment and supporting
infrastructure, it may be possible to obtain insight into activities within your home or business through analysis of energy usage data.
If you decline a request from a third-party to authorize access to your energy usage data, that decision will not affect the provision of
any service you receive from Xcel Energy.
Revoking consent
Y
ou may at any time terminate or limit any consent previously provided that authorizes a third-party to access or use your information
by sending a request to us via e-mail ( datarequest@xcelenergy.com), fax (866-208-8732), or mail (P.O. Box 8, Eau Claire, Wisconsin
54702).
Your choices
Y
ou have choices about what information we collect from you and how we communicate with you.
Marketing e-mails
Y
ou may choose not to receive marketing e-mail communications from us by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link in a marketing e-mail
we send to you. We will discontinue this type of contact with you within ten days after we receive your ‘unsubscribe’ request. Please
note that even if you opt-out of our marketing e-mail communications, you will continue to receive non-marketing e-mails related to
your account transactions.
Cookies
T
o stop accepting new cookies, to be notifed when you receive a new cookie, and to disable existing cookies, go to cookies under
your browser settings. Without cookies you may not be able to take full advantage of our website’s features.
Online advertising
T
o opt-out of receiving marketing communications through the advertising networks of our ad network vendors, please submit an opt-
out request. You may authorize a third party to opt-out on your behalf with proof of authorization.

XCEL ENERGY PRIVACY NOTICE
Data rights
S
ubject to your Xcel Energy service area, you may be able to exercise certain data rights, such as:
• Know what Personal Information we have about you and obtain a copy.
• Correct inaccuracies within your Personal Information.
• Request deletion of your Personal Information, subject to certain limitations.
You can take advantage of some of these rights via My Account, submit a request on our Privacy page, or contact us as specifed
in the How to Contact Us section at the end of this Notice. To safeguard your information, before any request is fulflled, we must
authenticate you using some of your personal attributes, including your Xcel Energy account number. In some cases, we may deny
your request and will notify you of our reason for the denial and include instructions for how you may appeal.
Links to other websites
O
ur website may contain links to other sites for your convenience and information. These sites may be operated by companies not
affliated with Xcel Energy. We are not responsible for the content of any website not affliated with Xcel Energy, any use of those
sites, or those sites’ privacy practices.
How we protect your information
W
e maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect the privacy and security of the information we
maintain about you. Among other protections, these safeguards are designed to restrict access to your information to those
Xcel Energy employees, other personnel, and contracted agents, that need access for an identifed business purpose.
To help protect yourself, we recommend that you protect the confdentiality of any username or ID and password you use to access
any online services, including those provided by Xcel Energy. You are responsible for all activity on the website accessed using your
username or ID and password. You should also sign out of your account(s) and close your browser window when you have fnished
your visit to our website. We will never ask for your Xcel Energy My Account password via e-mail or phone.
Our website includes tips about steps you can take to help protect your information, including identifying potential scams and securing
information you may access online about your Xcel Energy account.
Children’s privacy
O
ur website is a general audience website; we do not intend or knowingly use them to collect any Personal Information from children
younger than the age of 13 (child). If we discover that we have collected Personal Information from a child, we will use commercially
reasonable efforts to delete that Personal Information. If you are the parent or legal guardian of a child and believe that Xcel Energy
has collected Personal Information, please contact us as indicated in the How to Contact Us section of this Notice.
Retention
W
e will only retain your Personal Information for as long as is reasonably necessary for our business purposes or as required by law.
Updates to our privacy notice
T
his Notice may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to refect changes in our information practices. Please
regularly review the content of this Notice. We will post a prominent notice on our website to notify you of material changes to our
Notice. We also have indicated at the bottom of the Notice when it was most recently updated. Amendments to this Notice will
become effective when posted on our website. Your continued use of our website, products and services provided by Xcel Energy
after such posting will be deemed your acceptance of any changes to our Notice.
How to contact us
F
or more information regarding our privacy practices, if you have questions or comments about this Notice, or if you would like us to
update information we have about you or your preferences, please contact us by e-mail at datarequest@xcelenergy.com , or call
800-895-4999.
Last reviewed: June 16, 2023
xcelenergy.com | © 2023 Xcel Energy Inc. | Xcel Energy is a registered trademark of Xcel Energy Inc. | 23-05-645