# Privacy Policy

This policy describes the types of information Expand Energy Corporation, its subsidiaries and affiliate companies (“Expand Energy” or “we”) may collect from you (“you” or “your”) or that you may provide when you visit this Website and its related sites (our “Website“) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information. The Website terms and conditions also govern your use of the Website and may be found here.

Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes. Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.

Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It

Expand Energy does not seek any sensitive information from you on this Website, unless legally required to do so. Sensitive information includes a number of types of data relating to: race or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or other similar beliefs, trade union membership, physical or mental health, sexual life or criminal record. Expand Energy suggests that you do not provide sensitive information of this nature. However, if you do provide such information, Expand Energy accepts your explicit consent to use that data in the ways described in this Privacy Statement or in the ways described at the point where such information is disclosed.

When you visit this Website, we may automatically collect certain non-identifying information that allows the Website to communicate with your computer during the visit. Expand Energy may also track the number of visits to the Website, which parts of the Website you select, IP address (the Internet address assigned to your computer from your Internet Service Provider), domain type, browser type (e.g., Netscape or Internet Explorer), date and time of day. This information is not sold or otherwise disclosed to third parties for any purposes.

In addition, Expand Energy may store some information on your computer’s hard drive as a “cookie” or similar type of file. A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website. Expand Energy uses this information internally to help us enhance the efficiency and usefulness of the Website. If you object to this, please consult your browser’s documentation for information on erasing or blocking cookies.

Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Website are served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers and application providers. These third parties may use cookies or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with advertising or other targeted content. We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.

We also collect the information you provide to us, which may include personally identifying or sensitive information. You also may provide information to be published or displayed (hereinafter, “posted“) on public areas of the Website, or transmitted to other users of the Website or third parties (collectively, “User Contributions“). Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Website with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we use commercially reasonable efforts to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.

Information from Children

Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any information to or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Website or on or through any of its features/register on the Website, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Website or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at the information below.

Hyperlinks

This Website has links to sites that Expand Energy does not own, control or maintain. Expand Energy can not be responsible for their privacy policies and practices, and Expand Energy does not make any representations or warranties about the privacy practices of those sites. Similarly, Expand Energy can not be responsible for the policies and practices of any site from which you linked to this Website. We recommend that you check the privacy policy of other sites and contact the operator if you have concerns or questions.

Disclosure of Information

We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:

- To our subsidiaries and affiliates.

- To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of Expand Energy’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Expand Energy’s about our Website users is among the assets transferred.

- To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it or for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.

- With your consent.

- To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.

- If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Expand Energy, our customers or others.

Opt Out/Modify Information

You can request the removal or modification of your Personal Information by sending a request to the contact information below or an email to the appropriate area under “Contact Us.” We will then make a reasonable effort to accommodate your request. It would be helpful to let us know the context in which you provided personal information.

Notwithstanding any other statements or representations here or elsewhere on this Website, Expand Energy reserves the right to disclose any information in its possession if it is required to do so by law, or Expand Energy believes, in good faith, that such disclosure is necessary to comply with the law, defend its rights or property, or to respond to an emergency situation.

Contacting Expand Energy Customer Relations
If you have any questions about the content of this Privacy Statement or the Terms herein, please contact Expand Energy at the following address:

Expand Energy Corporation
Attn: IT Department
P.O. Box 18496
Oklahoma City, OK 73154-0496