 If you choose to interact with third party content or advertising on a Site or in an App, AGCO
may receive personal information about you from the relevant third party, in accordance with
that third party’s applicable privacy policy.
 If you choose to make an electronic payment directly to AGCO, or through a Site or an App, or
through a Dealer, AGCO may receive personal information about you from third parties such
as payment services providers, for the purposes of that payment.
 To the extent that AGCO or a Dealer performs any credit reference checks in connection with
an application for credit, in accordance with Applicable Laws, AGCO and/or the relevant Dealer
may receive personal information about you from credit reference agencies and other third
parties, for the purposes of that credit check.
 In complying with its obligations under Applicable Laws, AGCO may receive personal
information about you from law enforcement agencies and public authorities.
 AGCO may receive personal information about you from public sources (such as telephone
directories, land ownership records, lien records, etc.).
 AGCO may receive personal information about you or Machine Data from your equipment or
Devices or similar services or your smart phone. We treat this information as personal
information if it is associated with your personal information.

Personal Information you provide about others

3
In some circumstances, you may provide AGCO with personal information about others. For example,
you might mention another AGCO customer when commenting on an ACGO product. Whenever you
provide any such personal information, you must ensure that any affected third parties have consented
to: (i) the disclosure of their personal information to AGCO; and (ii) AGCO’s further Processing of the
personal information in accordance with this Statement. If you cannot obtain such consent, please
refrain from communicating the personal information of third parties to AGCO.

How Personal Information is Used and Shared
AGCO may Process your personal information for the following purposes:
 to provide requested goods or services;
 to send you information relevant to your past purchases and interests, subject to compliance
with Applicable Laws regarding direct marketing;
 online behavioural advertising or interest-based advertising;
 tracking user activity across multiple devices, such as mobile phones and tablets;
 to display the content of a Site, an App or a Device, and any customisations you may select;
 to monitor, adapt, update, secure and improve our products, services, Sites, Apps, Devices or our
customer service;
 to verify your identity and ensure the security of your personal information;
 to respond to your service requests and support needs;
 on an aggregate basis, to understand how individuals collectively use the features of a
Site, an App or a Device (or associated vehicle);
 to administer content, promotions, surveys or other features of a Site, an App, or a Device;
 to send you communications regarding administration of your accounts and the features of a
Site, an App, or a Device;
 to notify you about changes to a Site, an App, or a Device;
 to perform internal data analyses and other Processing (including trend analysis and financial
analysis);
 to give effect to your legal rights and your rights under this Statement;
 to protect against fraud, identity theft, and other unlawful activity;
 to establish or exercise AGCO’s legal rights or defend legal claims;
 to establish or exercise legal rights, or defend legal claims, on behalf of Dealers and other third
parties;
 to comply with Applicable Laws, relevant industry standards and our other applicable policies;
 any other purposes unique to our business operations; and
 in any other way that we notify to you, either at the time of collection of your personal information
or before the commencement of the relevant Processing or as otherwise required or perm itted
by applicable law.

Protection of your Personal Information

AGCO is committed to Processing your personal information securely. We adopt appropriate data
Processing practices, and appropriate technical and organisational security measures, to protect
against unauthorised access, use, alteration, disclosure, destruction or other Processing of personal
information. The Internet is not, in itself, a secure environment and we cannot provide an absolute assurance
that your personal information transferred using the Internet will be secure at all times. Transmission of
personal information over the Internet is at your own risk and you should only use secure systems to access
Sites, Apps or Devices.

You are responsible for keeping your access credentials for each Site, App and Device safe and
confidential. You should notify AGCO promptly if you become aware of any misuse of your access
credentials, and immediately change your passwords.

Disclosure of your Personal Information

We will not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others without providing you prior notice or
obtaining your consent in accordance with Applicable Law . We may, however, share or disclose your
personal information to third parties in the following circumstances:
 We may share your personal information with employees and agents of AGCO , for the
purposes set out in this Statement.
4

 We may share your personal information with recipients within AGCO, for the purposes of
operating our business, operating Sites, Apps or Devices, providing you with products or
services you have selected, or otherwise for the purposes set out in this Statement.
 We may share your personal information with recipients outside AGCO, including Dealers, for
the purposes of operating our business, operating Site s, Apps or Devices, providing you with
products or services you have selected, or otherwise for the purposes set out in this Statement.
 We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business, operate Sites, Apps
or Devices, provide you with products or services you have selected, or to administer activities
on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your personal
information with such third parties for the purposes set out in this Statement. Our service
providers are given the information they need to perform their designated functions, and we do
not authorize them to use or disclose personal information for their own marketing or other
purposes.
 We may share aggregate demographic information with our business partners, trusted affiliates
and advertisers for the purposes outlined in this Statement. While we make all reasonable
efforts to ensure that such information is anonymized, it is possible that your Personal Data
may be disclosed.
 Subject to providing prior notice or obtaining your consent as required under Applicable Law,
we may share your personal information with our third party marketing partners, for direct
marketing purposes. You may withdraw your consent at any time, or object at any time to the
Processing of your Personal Information for direct marketing purposes in accordance with
Applicable Law and we will apply your marketing preferences going forward.
 If you make a payment via a Site or an App , or directly to AGCO or a Dealer , your personal
information may need to be provided to third parties (e.g., payment services providers) for the
purposes of facilitating those payments.
 In the event of a proposed or completed sale, merger or transfer all or a portion of our business
or assets (including in the event of a reorganization, dissolution, liquidation or other
restructuring or change in control ), we may disclose your personal information to the
prospective seller or buyer, or their representatives, provided that we have first taken
reasonable steps to ensure the security and confidentiality of your personal information.
 We and our Canadian, US and other service providers may also disclose your personal
information : (i) in connection with any legal proceedings, or otherwise for the purposes of
establishing, exercising or defending any legal rights; (ii) if required by Applicable Laws or
regulations; (iii) in response to requests from courts, government agencies and law
enforcement authorities in your jurisdiction or a foreign jurisdiction (including the US); (iv) when
we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or material financial
loss; or (v) for the purposes of investigating actual or alleged unlawful activity.

Third party services

You may encounter advertising or other content on any Site, App or Device that may link to websites or
services of AGCO’s partners, dealers, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties.
We do not control the content or links that appear on these third party websites or services, and we are
not responsible for the practices employed by third party websites or services linked to or from any Site,
App or Device. These websites and services may be subject to their own privacy policies and terms of
use.

Direct Marketing

As set out in this Statement and in accordance with requirements under Applicable Laws, we, our
direct marketing partners, or our service providers, may contact you via email, text message, or other
electronic means, from time to time, to provide you with information relating to products or services
that may be of interest to you. If you wish to unsubscribe from these communications, we include
detailed unsubscribe instructions in each such communication . Alternatively, you may use the
unsubscribe features provided through our Sites and Apps.

Please note that, in the event that you unsubscribe from receiving communications relating to
marketing or advertising, we may nevertheless continue to contact you for the purposes of carrying
out your instructions, enabling you to make any purchases you request, sending you transactional
messages, administration of your account, or as required or permitted by Applicable Laws.
5

Notice to California Residents/Your California Privacy Rights

If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with certain additional rights regarding
our Processing of your Personal Information. For more information about your California privacy rights,
please see our Privacy Notice for California Residents. or contact us at DataPrivacy@AGCOcorp.com.

Notice to Nevada Residents/Your Nevada Privacy Rights

We do not exchange your Personal Information for money with anyone so that they can license or sell
the Personal Information to additional parties. For additional information about Nevada privacy rights,
contact us at DataPrivacy@AGCOcorp.com.

Cookies

When you use or visit our websites, we may place one or more cookies on your device. A “cookie” is a
small file that is placed on your device when you visit a website. It records information about your device,
your browser and, in some cases, your preferences and browsing habits. We may use this information
to recognize you when you return to our websites, to provide personalized services on our websites, to
compile analytics in order to better understand website activity , and to improve our websites. You can
use your browser settings to remove or block cookies on your device. However, if you decide not to
accept, or to block , cookies from our websites, you may not be able to take advantage of all of the
features of our websites. We may Process your personal information through cookie technology, in
accordance with the provisions of this Statement.

We may also use remarketing tags to serve advertisements to people who we know have previously
visited our websites. Specifically, the Google AdWords remarketing tag on our website may use cookies
so that Google can follow your browsing activities over time and across websites other than our websites
(such as web pages you visit and your response s to ads). Based on past visits and your browsing
behaviour, this allows Google to provide you with interest -based ads that are more relevant to you the
next time you either search on Google.com, with any of Google’s Searc h Partners, or visit another site
in the Google Display Network. To find out more about Google’s AdWords program, including its use of
cookies, please visit Google’s Privacy Terms. You can opt-out of this use of cookies by visiting Google’s
Ads Settings.

To the extent that third parties have embedded content on our websites (e.g., social media features)
those third parties may collect your personal information (e.g., cookie data) if you choose to engage
with such third party content, or otherwise use third party services.

Our websites do not respond to “Do Not Track” signals at this time.

Data retention

We will only retain your personal information for as long as we require it in connection with the purposes
set out in this Privacy Statement. We may also be required to retain your personal information for
additional periods of time, for example, where required to do so by Applicable Laws.

Personal Data of children under the Age of 13

We do not knowingly collect or further Process personal information of children under 13 years of age
and no one under age 13 should provide any personal information to us . We ask parents or legal
guardians to assist us by supervising the activities of children in relation to our Sites, Apps and Devices,
and by not allowing them to submit any personal information through any Site, App or Device . If you
believe we might have any personal information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at
DataPrivacy@AGCOCorp.com and we will delete such personal information.

COUNTRY/STATE OR PRODUCT SPECIFIC INFORMATION
EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA
US – California
6

REST OF WORLD
MACHINE DATA STATEMENT

Terms of use

Use of our Sites, Apps and Devices, and our products and services, are subject to applicable Terms of
Use.

Privacy Shield Policy

AGCO is certified to the US -EU Privacy Shield, for transfers of personal data to the US . For AGCO's
Privacy Shield policy, please click here.

Your rights

It is your responsibility to ensure that your personal information held by AGCO is complete, accurate
and up-to-date. Subject to Applicable Laws, you may have the following rights:
 the right to request access to, or copies of, your personal information that we Process;
 the right to request correction of any inaccuracies in your personal information;
 the right to object, on legitimate grounds, to the Processing of your personal information;
 the right to request that your personal information be deleted; or
 the right to prevent the sale or your personal information..

You may contact us at DataPrivacy@AGCOcorp.com to exercise your rights.
This does not affect your statutory rights. A fee may be payable for providing you with copies of your
Personal Information. You may exercise any of these rights by using the contact details provided below.

Contact details
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, our or our service providers’ Processing of your
Personal Data, or your dealings with a Site, an App or a Device, please contact us at:
AGCO Corporation
Attention: Data Privacy
4205 River Green Pkwy
Duluth, GA 30096
United States
DataPrivacy@AGCOcorp.com

If you contact us, we will endeavour to investigate and attempt to resolve each query or complaint within
one month, or such other period as may be required under Applicable Laws.

Acceptance of this Statement

By using any Site, App or Device, you are deemed to have accepted this Statement. If you do not accept
the terms set out in this Statement, you must not use any Sites, Apps or Devices.

Amendments to this Statement

AGCO may amend, revise or update this Statement at any time. We may not provide you with any
specific notice but we will post any changes to this Privacy Statement as a notification on the Site. You
are encouraged to frequently check this Statement for any changes, and to stay informed about how we
are helping to protect your Personal Information. Your continued use of a ny Site, App or Device is
deemed to be acceptance of any amendments to this Statement.

This Statement was first made available on: December 18, 2019.

7
Glossary

In this Statement, capitalised terms have the following meanings:

 Applicable Laws means all binding laws, statutes or regulations applicable to AGCO.

 Machine Data means any data generated by, collected by, stored in, or sent from/to your
equipment or any hardware or device interfacing with your equipment (collectively “Equipment”).
Machine Data may include data used for a variety of different purposes including, but not limited
to, agronomic decision making, machine health and performance monitoring, and logistics
coordination.
 Personal Information means information that is protectable under data privacy or data protection
provisions under Applicable Laws.
 Process or Processing means any operation or set of operations which is performed upon
personal information, whether or not by automatic means, including but not limited to: collection,
recording, organization, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by
transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, blocking,
erasure or destruction.