©Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.

Online Privacy Notice

ONLINE PRIVACY NOTICE
November 1, 2019

Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. (its subsidiaries and affiliates, collectively “FIS”) recognizes and respects
the privacy expectations of today’s consumers and the requirements of applicable regulations in protecting their
online privacy. FIS believes that making you aware of how we use your Personal Data, including sensitive Personal
Data, as discussed further below, and to whom it is disclosed, will form the basis for a relationship of trust with the
public that we serve.
FIS safeguards your privacy rights with respect to any data or information we receive that relates to you as an
identified or identifiable natural person. For purposes of this Notice, we will call such data or information “Personal
Data.” Personal Data will always be collected, used, and disclosed by FIS in accordance with the requirements and
prohibitions of applicable laws or regulations.
This Notice explains how we collect, use, store , and share the Personal Data you provide us on FIS websites. If
you use any FIS websites, you agree your use of these websites is subject to the terms of this Online Privacy
Notice. The Terms of Use are also subject to the terms of any other agreement you, your employer or other person
or company you are representing, may have with FIS, as appropriate.
The FIS Online Privacy Notice was developed not only to safeguard our clients’ privacy , but also to provide
assurance that your privacy is of paramount importance to us. For further information, please review the FIS Privacy
Policy and Privacy Shield Notice, which explain FIS’ data collection and usage practices in greater detail.
WHAT:
What kind of personal information does FIS collect online?
In the course of our business, FIS may collect Personal Data about you from the following sources:
• applications or other forms we receive from you or your authorized representative;
• our internet websites;
• public sources, such as vendors who may provide Personal Data needed for money laundering and trade
sanctions compliance, so FIS may confirm you are not listed as a restricted party with whom FIS is legally
prohibited from doing business; and
• any mobile websites or applications you visit.
HOW:
How does FIS safeguard the Personal Data FIS collects?
• FIS maintains physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards designed to protect your Personal Data from
unauthorized access or intrusion. FIS limits access to the Personal Data only to those employees,
contractors and agents who need such access in connection with providing products or services to you, to
clients with whom you have a relationship, or for other legitimate business purposes. Some of these
measures may include encryption, physical access security, user access security measures , or other

Page 2 of 6
Last Updated 11/21/2019
©Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.

Online Privacy Notice
technologies and tools, which FIS believes may enhance the security of its systems and facilities. FIS has
no responsibility or liability for the security of information you provide to FIS transmitted via the Internet.
• FIS employees and contractors receive ann ual training regarding FIS’ privacy and information security
policies and procedures. FIS understands protecting consumer privacy is an integral part of protecting our
relationship with our clients.
• FIS has put in place procedures to deal with any suspected breach of Personal Data and will notify you and
any applicable regulatory of a Personal Data breach where we are legally required to do so.
How does FIS use the Personal Data collected?
• FIS uses the data we collect to assist us in providing products or services to our clients to provide them
with information about such products or other legitimate business purposes.
• FIS does not seek to determine your identity when you simply browse our site; however, if you provide FIS
with your contact information, suc h as by completing an online form or providing information in a job
application, FIS will know your identity.
• FIS may use cookies to aggregate information about the web pages you visit, so FIS can continue to
improve the digital experience and improve our services. FIS does not provide your domain to third parties,
other than to the vendors, such as those with whom we contract for website design and maintenance. These
vendors are under contractual confidentiality requirements.
• FIS may disclose your Personal Data if regulatory obligations require FIS to do so, if FIS determines such
disclosure is legally advisable or necessary in order to protect FIS’ rights, the rights of others, or in order to
prevent harm.
• FIS will process your Personal Data in compliance with applicable laws. For example, we may confirm your
IP address matches the location entered into our online forms or may confirm you are not listed as a
restricted party with whom we are legally prohibited from doing business.
• We will only retain your d ata for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected and
in accordance with applicable law. We establish our retention periods within our company policies.
What is the legal basis for processing your Personal Data?
• FIS collects, uses, stores and otherwise processes Personal Data where necessary to provide a service
which you request, where necessary to comply with a legal obligation, and where necessary pursuant to
FIS' legitimate interests and where these interests are not overri dden by your data protection rights . FIS
may also process your Personal Data where you have given consent. Where FIS asks for consent, you are
free to withhold or revoke it by opting out on the preferences page available on FIS’ website.
WHO:
Who has access to the Personal Data FIS collects?
• FIS limits access to Personal Data to those employees, contractors, business partn ers, or agents who
require such access in connection with providing products or services to you or for other legitimate business
purposes.

Page 3 of 6
Last Updated 11/21/2019
©Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.

Online Privacy Notice
With whom does FIS share the Personal Data FIS collects?
Where appropriate or necessary to do so, FIS may share your Personal Data among our affiliated group of
companies. FIS also may disclose your Personal Data to:
• agents, brokers, business partners, or representatives to provide you with services you have requested;
• third-party contractors or service providers to enable FIS to provide services or other functions to you or to
an FIS client whose services you have requested;
• regulatory authorities or public authorities to meet our legal requirements connected to the collection,
retention and disclosure of Personal Data, such as tax reporting or identification of money laundering;
• law enforcement in connection with investigations, or civil or criminal subpoenas or court orders;
• a prospective buyer or seller in the event FIS sells or buys any business or assets;
FIS will disclose your Personal Data when you direct or give us permission, when we are required by law, or
when we suspect fraudulent or criminal activities.
FIS may also disclose your Personal Data when otherwise permitted by applicable privacy laws, such as when
disclosure is required to enforce our rights arising out of any agreement, transaction, or relationship with you or
another party.
OTHER THINGS YOU NEED TO KNOW:
Website(s) are not directed at persons under the age of 18
• FIS website(s) are not directed at persons under the age of 18. FIS does not knowingly collect, maintain ,
or use Personal Data from persons under the age of 18 on any FIS website. If you are under the age of 18
years, please do not register or otherwise provide information to FIS on an FIS website.
Use of Cookies on website(s)
What are cookies?
• Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information, which are downloaded to your computer or
mobile device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each
subsequent visit, or to another website that recognizes that cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow
a website to recognize a user’s device and the website pages that interest a user. For more information on
FIS’ use of cookies and your options, review the FIS Cookie Notification. You can also find more information
about cookies at: www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.eu.
• Cookies do many different jobs, such as allowing you to navigate between pages efficiently, remembering
your preferences, and generally improving the user experience. They can also help to verify the
advertisements and other content you see online are more relevant to you and your interests. They can be
set by the website you are visiting (known as first party cookies), or by another entity such as an advertising
network (known as third party cookies). The cookies used on this website have been categorized on the
basis of the four categories found in the International Chamber of Commerce United Kingdom (ICC UK)
Cookie guide. We use the following types of cookies:
▪ ‘Session’ cookies remain in your browser during your browser session only (e.g. until you leave
the website).

Page 4 of 6
Last Updated 11/21/2019
©Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.

Online Privacy Notice
▪ ‘Persistent’ cookies remain in your browser after the session (unless deleted by you).
▪ ‘Performance’ cookies collect information about your use of the website, such as webpages visited
and any error messages you receive. The information they collect is aggregated and is not used to
directly identify any p articular visitor. Performance cookies are used to improve how a website
works.
▪ ‘Functionality’ cookies allow the website to remember any choices you make about the website
(such as changes to text size, or customized pages) and enable services such as com menting on
a blog.
• Some of these cookies are provided by third parties. For example, we use Google analytics cookies to allow
us to analyze statistics on the numbers of visitors to our websites and how users interact with different
features on the websites. We also use social media cookies to construct visitor interest models and assess
user habits. These cookies are also used to show you relevant advertising.
What if I don’t want cookies?
• By using FIS’ website and allowing tracking, you agree we can place cookies and other similar technologies
on your device as explained above. If you want to remove existing cookies from your device, you can do
this using your browser options. If you want to block future cookies being placed on your device, you can
change your browser settings to do this. When you review your browser settings or options, you can identify
the FIS cookies by the fact they include “FIS” in the name. For more information on managing cookies, see
www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies or www.youronlinechoices.com/
How does FIS respond to “Do Not Track” signals?
• When visiting FIS’ corporate website, https://www.fisglobal.com/, users have the options to select “Do Not
Track”. If a user selects “Do Not Track,” FIS will remove all analytic and cookie tracking so that the user
may browse as an unknown visitor.
• Third Parties are not authorized to track users of our websites.
FIS websites may be linked to other websites
FIS websites may contain links to other websites. As you navigate our websites, you may click on links that take
you to websites that belong to other business units or business partners affiliated with FIS. In addition, we may
include links to third-party websites, which are not FIS business units or FIS affiliates. FIS is not responsible for the
content or privacy practices of other non -FIS websites to which our websites link. If you are asked to provide
information on one of these websites, we encourage you to carefully review their privacy policies before doing so.
Transfer of Personal Data to Other Countries
FIS is a global enterprise, and so for aggregation and efficiency purposes, FIS may transfer data it collects in one
country to a different country , affording a similar degree of data protection . FIS will utilize protection me thod(s) it
determines appropriate and lawful when transferring your data across international borders. These methods may
consist of Model Contracts, Privacy Shield, or other schemes that continue to meet FIS’ commitment in protecting
the privacy of your Personal Data.
Managing your preferences

Page 5 of 6
Last Updated 11/21/2019
©Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.

Online Privacy Notice
FIS strives to provide you with choices and preferences regarding certain Personal Data uses, particularly around
marketing and advertising. You may opt -out of receiving communications about FIS products and services by
visiting our subscription preference center at any time: http://empower1.fisglobal.com/preferences-termsofuse.html.
Government Information on Privacy
For other valuable consumer information, including information on protecting yourself from identity theft and fraud,
visit the following sites:
• United States: www.consumer.gov
• Australia: www.oaic.gov.au
• Canada: www.priv.gc.ca/index e.asp
• Hong Kong: www.pcpd.org.hk/
• Korea: www.pipc.go.kr/
• Europe: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/
• Japan: www.ppc.go.jp/en/
• United Kingdom: https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/
Your Rights
What rights do I have with respect to my Personal Data that FIS may have collected?
• The laws of certain jurisdictions may afford you the right to access your Personal Data held by FIS and to
request correction, amendment, portability, or deletion of your Personal Data held by FIS. In addition, where
applicable, you may have the right to o bject to processing based on legitimate interests and to withdraw
consent where consent forms the legal basis for processing. These rights may be limited, for example , if
fulfilling a request would reveal Personal Data about another person, or if the processing is required by law
or another compelling legitimate interest. If you have unresolved concerns, you have the right to complain
to a data protection authority. FIS reserves the right, where permitted by law, to verify your identity, and to
refuse such requests where appropriate.
• In some circumstances, FIS processes Personal Data on behalf of its clients and is subject to the control
and instructions of its clients. If you believe FIS may have Personal Data about you due to services FIS
provides or has provided to an FIS client with whom you have a relationship, it may not be possible for FIS
to respond to your request. In that circumstance, please direct your request to the FIS client with which you
have the relationship.
Requests to FIS may be made in writing to the following address:
Chief Privacy Officer
FIS
601 Riverside Avenue
Jacksonville, FL 32204
privacyoffice@fisglobal.com
Or by phone at 866-728-7033.

Page 6 of 6
Last Updated 11/21/2019
©Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.

Online Privacy Notice
• If you are based in the European Economic Area (EEA) or Switzerland, you may contact our Data
Protection Officer at the following address:
Data Protection Officer
FIS
25 Canada Square, Canary Wharf
London E14 5LQ
United Kingdom
data.protection@fisglobal.com
Online Privacy Notice Updates
• We keep our Online Privacy Notice under regular review and therefore it is subject to change. Please review
this Notice periodically. Any changes will become effective when we post the revised No tice on the site.
Your use of the site following these changes means that you accept the revised Notice.