General Privacy Statement

Security Classiﬁcation: Unclassiﬁed Page 1 of 14 Uncontrolled When Printed
Owner: Compliance and Ethics Revision: 0.0 Revision Date: 05/22/2018

Cheniere Energy, Inc.
General Privacy Statement

Revision History
Rev
Number
Reason for
Revision Approver Approver Title Date
Approved
0 New Document Sean Markowitz General Counsel and
Corporate Secretary
03/03/2026

Contents
1.0 Information About Cheniere, Our Websites and Our Business ............................. 3
2.0 Data Collection and Use ....................................................................................... 3
3.0 Data Automatically Collected ................................................................................ 6
4.0 Site Traffic Data and Cookies ............................................................................... 6
5.0 Data Retention ...................................................................................................... 7
6.0 Access to Your Personal Data .............................................................................. 7
7.0 Choice and Opt-Out .............................................................................................. 7
8.0 Children ................................................................................................................ 7
9.0 Security ................................................................................................................ 7
10.0 International Transfers .......................................................................................... 7
11.0 Contact Us ............................................................................................................ 8
12.0 EU / UK Addendum .............................................................................................. 8
How Personal Data is Collected .................................................................... 8
Legal Bases for Processing Personal Data ................................................... 9
Who We Share Personal Data With ............................................................ 10
13.0 Access, Amend or Take Back the Personal Data You Have Given to Us ............ 11
14.0 Attachment 1: Cookies List ................................................................................. 13

1.0 Information About Cheniere, Our Websites and Our Business
Cheniere Energy, Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively “Cheniere” or “we” or “us” or
“our”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting personal data. We provide this privacy
statement to inform you of our data privacy practices, what data we’ve collected from you, and
the choices you can make about how your information is collected and used.
For the purpose of applicable data protection legislation, the company responsible for your
personal data is Cheniere Energy , Inc. Our corporate headquarters are located at 845 Texas
Avenue, Suite 1250, Houston, TX 77002. We also maintain international offices in the United
Kingdom, Singapore, China, Japan and Dubai.
Applicable data protection legislation includes, but is not limited to, the General Data Protection
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679 , "EU GDPR") which forms part of the laws of the UK by
virtue of Section 3 of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and other related UK legislation
("UK GDPR"), Singapore PDPA, and China PIPL, and the Dubai International Financial Centre
(DIFC) Data Protection Law.
This statement applies to:
• Individuals who have or have had a business relationship with Cheniere such as:
o counter parties (including our customers); and
o suppliers or vendors;
• Visitors of Cheniere's websites such as Cheniere.com and Ingr.Cheniere.com;
• Visitors of Cheniere's premises or attendees of Cheniere hosted events;
• Job applicants; and
• Individuals that we target to provide with information about Cheniere and its stance on
issues that are important to us.

This statement does not apply to current or former employees of Cheniere, who should refer to
the Staff Privacy Policy.
Cheniere can be contacted at privacy@cheniere.com, or using this Direct Link.

This General Privacy Statement replaces and supersedes any previous policies addressing the
same or similar issues, whether formal or informal. Cheniere reserves the right in its absolute
discretion to alter, amend, or terminate this General Privacy Statement in whole or in part at any
time with or without notice. The applicable version of this General Privacy Statement is maintained
on the Cheniere intranet site. You should always check that you are referring to the latest version
of this General Privacy Statement if you have previously downloaded hard copies of this General
Privacy Statement.

2.0 Data Collection and Use
The purpose of this section is to detail the personal data collected, and the purposes for which
we process this personal data for the following types of individuals. In some jurisdictions we are
also required to identify a legal basis in order to process your personal data for the purposes set
out below. Type of
Individual
Data Collected or
Processed Purpose of Processing Legal basis relied upon
Counterpartie
s (including
customers)
Contact data of
relevant individuals
in your organization
(e.g., name, job title,
addresses, phone
numbers, email)

Identity documents
of relevant
individuals in your
organization (e.g.,
national ID or
passport number)

Company data
(ownership
structure, material
relationships)

Background check
results of relevant
individuals in your
organization
Perform financial due
diligence prior to
engaging in a financial
transaction with
Cheniere

Entering and maintaining
our business relationship
with you and other
interactions

To help us to establish,
exercise or defend legal
claims
Legitimate interests,
namely it is in our interests
to:
• safeguard our
interests;
• ensure our operations
run smoothly;
• manage and maintain
our relationship with
you;
• verify the individuals
we deal with; and
• establish and defend
our legal rights and
understand our
obligations, and seek
legal advice in
connection with them

We may also need to
process your data to
comply with our legal
obligations
Vendors and
suppliers
Contact data of
relevant individuals
in your organization
(e.g., name, job title,
addresses, phone
numbers, email)

Intake supplier
proposals, engage
contracting process,
onboard individual
suppliers or vendors

To help us to establish,
exercise or defend legal
claims

Legitimate interests,
namely it is in our interests
to:
• safeguard our
interests;
• ensure our operations
run smoothly;
• manage and maintain
our relationship with
you;
• verify the individuals
we deal with; and
• establish and defend
our legal rights and
understand our
obligations, and seek
legal advice in
connection with them.
To enter into and perform
a contract with you (to the
extent that you operate as
a sole trader)

We may also need to
process your data to
comply with our legal
obligations
Cheniere
visitors and
Contact data (e.g.,
Name, job title,
Invite you to Cheniere
and to events, and for
Legitimate interests,
namely it is in our interests
to: Type of
Individual
Data Collected or
Processed Purpose of Processing Legal basis relied upon
event
attendees
addresses, phone
numbers, email)

Event data (e.g.,
meal elections,
seating selections)

Visitor data (e.g.
CCTV footage, ID
badge data)
Cheniere to manage
your visit and events
• keep a record of all
visitors to our
premises for visitor
management
purposes; and
• ensure the protection
and security of our
staff, property and
premises
Job
applicants
Contact data (e.g.,
name, addresses,
phone numbers,
email)

Applicant data (e.g.,
cover letter, resume,
education history)

Identity documents
(e.g., national ID or
passport number,
SSN)

Background check
results

Intake and review Job
applicants, assess
potential for an interview,
and to perform
background checks prior
to starting employment

Legitimate interests,
namely it is in our interests
and your interests to:
• carry out our
recruitment activities;
• consider whether to
offer employment to
you; and
• establish and defend
our legal rights and
understand our
obligations, and seek
legal advice in
connection with them

To enter into and perform
a contract with you, we
may also need to process
your data to comply with
our legal obligations

We may also process
special category personal
data or data regarding
criminal offences if the
processing is necessary
for the purposes of
performing or exercising
obligations or rights which
are imposed or conferred
by law on us or you as a
data subject
Website
visitors
IP address, cookie
data
Provide website
functionality and ensure
website security

Understanding how
website users interact
with our websites
For strictly necessary
cookies legitimate
interests, namely to
ensure the safety and
usability of our websites

For other cookies and
similar technologies we
will obtain your consent Type of
Individual
Data Collected or
Processed Purpose of Processing Legal basis relied upon
Individuals
that we target
Publicly available
contact data (e.g.,
name, title, email,
social media
accounts data)

Publicly available
employment and
details of positions
held (e.g., current
and former places of
employment,
political
appointments,
leadership and
committee positions)

Provide information
about Cheniere and our
stance on matters that
are important to us for
PR, policy making,
lobbying, research and
other similar purposes
Legitimate interests,
namely to
• provide our views on
matters that have
importance to us and
our business to
decision makers; and
• encourage decision
makers to learn more
about our goals and
business practices

To the extent this
information contains
special category personal
data, such as information
about political opinions,
we only process personal
data that has been
manifestly made public
3.0 Data Automatically Collected
For website visitors, IP address is automatically collected. Cheniere uses this information to
understand where website visitors are from as well as to ensure website security.
Cheniere does not use automated mechanisms to collect personal data about the other types of
individuals.
4.0 Site Traffic Data and Cookies
When you first visit our website, you will be presented with a pop-up screen informing you of our
use of cookies and asking you to provide your consent for such use.
The pop-up screen may not reappear for all your subsequent visits to our website, but if you wish,
you can withdraw your consent at any time by changing the cookie settings in your browser to
block or reject certain cookies, delete existing ones, or change them.
A "cookie" is a bite-sized piece of data that is stored on your computer's hard drive. They are not
harmful to your system, and are used by nearly all websites. We use cookies to track your activity,
which helps us ensure you get the smoothest possible experience when visiting our website.
Cookies also allow us to tailor what options you are presented with on your next visit. We can
also use cookies to analyze traffic and for advertising purposes.
Servers hosted by Cheniere as well as third party service providers (which may be located outside
the EEA) automatically log website visitor data based on your IP Address using cookies. Cheniere
uses this information to understand where website visitors are from as well as to ensure website
security. Cheniere uses three types of cookies:
• Strictly necessary cookies which enable core website functionality such as accessibility
• Functionality cookies which enable us to remember your preferences • Performance analytic cookies which provide information to Cheniere about how visitors
use the website. We use this information to enhance the website
A list of website cookies can be found in Cookies List below.
Cheniere does not collect cookie data or website visitor data to send you targeted advertising.
5.0 Data Retention
Cheniere will ordinarily process your data throughout the course of our interactions with you and
will then generally retain it for an appropriate amount of time afterwards. Cheniere retains data
for the minimum necessary length of time depending on the type of data, the purposes for which
Cheniere need to process the data and Cheniere's legal, regulatory and risk management
obligations. Cheniere has a records retention schedule and manages data in accordance with it.
6.0 Access to Your Personal Data
To inquire about accessing your personal data, or if there are questions about this General Privacy
Statement or Cheniere’s privacy practices, please send an email to privacy@cheniere.com or use
this Direct Link.
Upon written request, we will provide you with a copy of the personal data we retain about you
but will require proof about your identity. We will allow you to make requests about your personal
data such as: being provided a copy, making corrections, or requesting deletion. We reserve the
right to refuse to provide or perform these requests but will give reasons for our refusal. You will
be able to appeal our decision to refuse a request. Please note that we are required by law to
retain certain personal information.
7.0 Choice and Opt-Out
You may unsubscribe from processing at any time, the process to opt-out my vary based on the
type of individual you are. If Cheniere were to begin processing your personal data for a different
purpose than the one stated, Cheniere will provide you the opportunity to opt out.
8.0 Children
Cheniere does not process the personal information of children except in limited situations where
a child attends a Cheniere event with their parent and/or guardian.
Cheniere does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 16 and does not
target its websites to children under 16.
9.0 Security
Cheniere has an information security program and has implemented appropriate information
security controls to protect personal data from unauthorized use, access, modification,
destruction, or loss.
10.0 International Transfers
Cheniere is an international organization, headquartered in Houston, Texas, USA , but has
affiliates and/or operations in Singapore, the United Kingdom, Japan, China and Dubai. As such,
your personal data may be transferred to Cheniere subsidiaries or affiliates in these jurisdictions.
As we are an international organization, your data may also be transferred to third-party service providers outside of these jurisdictions for the purposes described in this General Privacy
Statement.
Cheniere only transfers personal data outside of the EEA, UK, and Japan where there are
adequate safeguards in place, for example:
• There is a valid data transfer agreement in place, such as incorporating approved standard
contractual clauses
• By way of a scheme approved by the European Commission and/or the UK Information
Commissioners office
• Where a destination country offers adequate data privacy protections as determined by
the originating country; or
• Where there is a contractual requirement for us to do so and it is in your interests or where
you provide consent for such transfer
To ensure that your personal data receives an adequate level of protection, we have put in place
appropriate procedures with the third parties with whom we share your personal data, to ensure
that your personal data is treated by those third parties in a way that is consistent with and that
respects data protection laws.
If you require more information about these safeguards, please contact us as described in the
Contact Us section below.
11.0 Contact Us
Please reach out to us at Privacy@Cheniere.com or using this Direct Link if you have any
questions related to this policy, Cheniere’s personal data practices or if you would like to make a
personal data request.
12.0 EU / UK Addendum
Both the EU GDPR and the UK GDPR require us to set out certain information that only applies
to individuals based within the EU or the UK or if your personal data is processed by our affiliate
in the UK ("Cheniere UK"). We have set out this additional information below.
How Personal Data is Collected
We collect customer personal data in three ways:
- Personal data that we receive directly from you, (which includes the situations where we
specifically ask you to provide us with certain information of where you decide to provide
any information that we have not specifically asked for);
- Personal data that we receive from other sources (including by way of due diligence or
other market intelligence, such as third- party market research, use of digital marketing
partners and other similar sources); and
- Personal information that we collect automatically (when you visit our website or contact
us) Legal Bases for Processing Personal Data
Under the EU / UK GDPR, there are a number of specific ways that we are lawfully able to
process your personal data.
We have identified the legal bases that we rely upon to process your personal data above in
Section 4 (Data collection and usage) and describe here in more detail what each of these
legal bases mean.
Depending on the type of personal data in question and the grounds on which we are
processing it, should you decline to provide us with such data or ask us to stop processing it,
we may not be able to fulfil our contractual, legal or regulatory requirements or, in extreme
cases, may not be able to continue with our relationship.
Data Type Processing Actions
Contractual
Obligations

Where this processing "is necessary for the performance of a contract to
which [you] are a party" (Article 6(1)(b) of the EU / UK GDPR)

We rely on this legal basis to collect and otherwise use your personal data to
enable us to perform our part of our contract with you and our obligations to
third parties, and to ensure that you are properly fulfilling your obligations to
us

Legal
Obligations
Where this processing "is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to
which [we] are subject" (Article 6(1)(b) of the EU / UK GDPR)

It is not possible to provide a comprehensive and exhaustive list of the legal
obligations that may give rise to such requirements. New laws may be
enacted, or other obligations become binding which may require processing
your data in accordance with other legal obligations.

Legitimate
Interests

Where it "is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by
[us] or by a third-party, except where such interests are overridden by the
interests or fundamental rights or freedoms of [you] which require protection
of personal data" (Article 6(1)(f) of the EU / UK GDPR).

We do not believe that the processing activities in relation to which we rely on
the legitimate interest condition prejudice you or your privacy in a manner that
overrides our legitimate interest in engaging in such processing activities.
However, you do have the right to object to us processing your personal data
on this basis. If you would like to know more about these circumstances and
how to object to our processing activities, please see the "Right to object"
section below
Consent to
Process Your
Personal Data
In very limited circumstances, we are required to obtain your opt-in consent
before we can undertake certain processing activities with your personal
data. Article 4(11) of the EU / UK GDPR states that opt-in consent is "any
freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of the Data
Subject's wishes by which he or she, by a statement or by a clear affirmative
action, signifies agreement to the processing of personal data relating to him
or her". In plain language, this means that:
• You have to give us your consent freely, without us putting you under
any type of pressure Data Type Processing Actions
• You have to know what you are consenting to – so we will make sure
we give you enough information
• You should only be asked to consent to one processing activity at a
time – we therefore avoid "bundling" consents together so that you do
not know exactly what you are agreeing to
• You need to take positive and affirmative action in giving us your
consent – we are likely to provide a tick box for you check so that this
requirement is met in a clear and unambiguous fashion
Additional
Conditions
for
Processing
Sensitive
Personal
Information
Sometimes it is necessary for us to process your sensitive personal data
during the course of our relationship. The EU / UK GDPR (Article 9(2)(b))
allows us to do this when the processing is "necessary for the purposes of
carrying out the obligations and exercising [our or your] specific rights… in
the field of employment and social security and social protection law," where
permitted by law

We are committed to ensuring that our job application processes align with
our approach to equal opportunities and so we will process certain sensitive
personal data about you to facilitate this. This information is sometimes called
"diversity" or "demographic" data

Sometimes it may be necessary for us to process sensitive personal data in
connection with exercising or defending legal claims. Article 9(2)(f) of the EU /
UK GDPR allows this where the processing "is necessary for the
establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims or whenever courts are
acting in their judicial capacity"
Who We Share Personal Data With
Where appropriate and in accordance with local laws and requirements, we may share your
personal data, in various ways and for various reasons, with the following categories of
people:
- Where appropriate and in accordance with local laws, we may share your personal data
with our group companies, regulatory bodies or other authorities where we are required
to do so, and third-party service providers
- If you are a job applicant, we may share your personal data with individuals and
organizations that hold information about your application (e.g., with your previous
employers). We may also share your personal data with third parties who provide
services such as reference, qualification, and criminal convictions checks
- If you are a counter party with which we have a business relationship, we may share
your personal data with other customers, counter parties where necessary for the
transaction
- If Cheniere merges with or is acquired by another business or company in the future, we
may share your personal data with the new or prospective owners of the business or
company as part of the merger or acquisition process 13.0 Access, Amend or Take Back the Personal Data You Have Given
to Us
If you are based within the European Union or the United Kingdom or if your personal data is
processed by our affiliate in the UK (Cheniere UK), you should be aware that the EU and the
UK offers various protections and clarifies the rights of EU and UK citizens and individuals
within those areas with regard to data privacy. To communicate about these rights, please
contact us. We will seek to deal with your request without undue delay within one month,
subject to any extension to which we are lawfully entitled.
Rights Description
Right to
Object
This right enables you to object to us processing your personal data if we do so
for one of the following four reasons: (i) because it is within our legitimate
interests; (ii) to enable us to perform a task in the public interest or exercise
official authority; and/or (iii) to send you direct marketing materials; and (iv) for
scientific, historical, research, or statistical purposes

If your objection relates to us processing your personal data because we deem
it necessary for our legitimate interests, we must act on your objection. We will
cease activity in question unless we can show that we have compelling
legitimate grounds for Processing that overrides your interests, or we are
processing your personal data for the establishment, exercise or defense of a
legal claim
Right to
Withdraw
Consent
Where we have obtained your consent to process your personal data for
certain activities, you may withdraw this consent at any time. We will cease to
carry out the particular activity that you previously consented to unless we
consider that there is an alternative legal basis to justify our continued
processing of your data for this purpose, in which case we will inform you of
this
Right to
Submit a
Data Subject
Access
Request
(DSAR)
You may ask us to confirm or receive a copy of what information we hold about
you at any time, and request us to modify, update, or delete such information.
Where you have provided consent as a legal basis for processing, you may
change your consent. We may ask you for more information about your
request. Where we are legally permitted to do so, we may refuse your request.
If we refuse your request, we will always tell you the reasons for doing so
Right to
Erasure
You have the right to request that we "erase" your personal data in certain
circumstances

Normally, the information must meet one of the following criteria:

• Personal data is no longer necessary for the purpose for which we
originally collected and/or processed it
• As above, where you withdraw your consent
• Personal data was processed unlawfully (i.e., in a manner which does not
comply with the EU / UK GDPR)
• It is necessary for the data to be erased in order for us to comply with our
obligations as a data controller
• As above, if you if we process the data because we believe it necessary to
do so for our legitimate interests, you object to the processing, and we are Rights Description
unable to demonstrate overriding legitimate grounds for our continued
processing
We are only entitled to refuse to comply with your request for erasure for one of
the following reasons:
• To exercise the right of freedom of expression and information
• To comply with legal obligations or for the performance of a public interest
task or exercise of official authority
• For public health reasons in the public interest
• For archival, research, or statistical purposes
• To exercise or defend a legal claim
When complying with a valid request for the erasure of data, we take all
reasonably practicable steps to delete the relevant data
Right to
Restrict
Processing
You have the right to request that we restrict our processing of your personal
data in certain circumstances. This means that we can only continue to store
your personal data and are not able to carry out any further processing
activities with it until either: (i) one of the circumstances listed below is
resolved; (ii) you consent; or (iii) further processing is necessary for either the
establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, the protection of the rights
of another individual, or reasons of important public interest
The circumstances in which you are entitled to request that we restrict the
processing of your personal data are:
• If you dispute the accuracy of the personal data that we are processing
about you. In this case, our processing of your personal data is restricted
for the period during which the accuracy of the data is verified
• If you object to our processing of your personal data for our legitimate
interests. In this case, you can request that the data is restricted while we
verify our grounds for processing your personal data
• If our processing of your data is unlawful, but you would prefer us to restrict
our processing of it rather than erasing it
• If we have no further need to process your personal data but you require
the data to establish, exercise, or defend legal claims
• If we have shared your personal data with third parties, we will notify them
about the restricted processing unless this is impossible or involves
disproportionate effort. We will notify you before lifting any restriction on
processing your personal data
Right to
Rectification
You also have the right to request that we rectify any inaccurate or incomplete
personal data that we hold about you, including by means of providing a
supplementary statement. If we have shared this personal data with third
parties, we will notify them about the rectification unless this is impossible or Rights Description
involves disproportionate effort. Where appropriate, we will also tell you which
third parties we have disclosed the inaccurate or incomplete personal data to.
Where we think that it is reasonable for us not to comply with your request, we
will explain our reasons for this decision
Right of Data
Portability
You have the right to transfer your personal data between data controllers. This
means that you are able to transfer the details we hold on you to another
employer or a third party. To allow you to do so, we will provide you with your
data in a commonly used machine-readable format so that you can transfer the
data to another employer. Alternatively, we may directly transfer the data for
you. This right of data portability applies to: (i) personal data that we process
automatically (i.e. without any human intervention); (ii) personal data provided
by you; and (iii) personal data that we process based on your consent or in
order to fulfil a contract
Right to
Lodge a
Complaint
with a
Supervisory
Authority

You also have the right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory
authority
If you would like to exercise any of these rights or withdraw your consent to the
processing of your personal data (where consent is our legal basis for processing your
personal data) please contact us.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Contact
us as if your personal data changes during the period for which we hold your data.
We will, where necessary, keep a record of your communications to help us resolve any
issues which you raise.
14.0 Attachment 1: Cookies List
Cookie Name Cookie
Purpose
Data
Collected
How Data
is Shared
Cookie
Duration
Cookie
Provider
Privacy
Policy
Cheniere.com
Maintains
user session
on the site
Session ID,
user
preferences

www.cheniere.com
Stores
user’s
cookie
consent
preference
Consent
status Cookie Name Cookie
Purpose
Data
Collected
How Data
is Shared
Cookie
Duration
Cookie
Provider
Privacy
Policy
Bidr.io Advertising
User ID,
interaction
data,
determines
if the user
has
accepted
the cookie
consent
form

Doubleclick.net
User
tracking to
deliver
personalized
ads
User ID,
user’s
browser’s
cookie
handling
capabilities

Google.com
Advertising,
analytics,
and
functionality
User ID,
site usage
data

Googleadservices.com
Advertising,
analytics,
and
functionality
User ID,
site usage
data

Region1.google-
analytics.com
Google
Analytics
data
User ID,
site usage
data