# Privacy Policy

Effective as of May 26, 2026

At Toll Brothers, we respect and understand the importance of privacy and how it affects our customers, employees, contractors, other website visitors, business partners and others who share their personal information with us. This Privacy Policy is intended to help you understand the kinds of information that we collect, how that information is used, and your rights with respect to that information. This Privacy Policy applies to our affiliated companies, including Toll Brothers, Inc., Toll Bros., Inc., our operating companies (including those doing business under the names Toll Brothers and Storybook Homes), our mortgage, title, abstract, landscaping, home security, smart home, apartment living and other affiliates. When we refer to Toll Brothers, the Company, we, or us in this Policy, we are referring to Toll Brothers, Inc. and its affiliated companies.

If you would like to see how the updated Privacy Policy compares to the prior version, please click this link for a comparison document.

If you are a California resident, you can click on this link to skip ahead to "Rights for California Residents."

How We Collect Information from our Website and the Internet

We collect personal information (such as your name, street address, email address and phone number) that you have voluntarily submitted to us verbally or through features on our website such as contact forms or interactive features, including but not limited to our Chatbot. We may also temporarily log your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our website, and track usage statistics. We may temporarily share your IP address with third parties for purposes of protecting network resources. Your IP address may vary each time you visit, or it may be the same, depending on your internet provider. Either way, we cannot identify you through your IP address, and we make no attempt to do so. If you reached our website by clicking on a link or advertisement on another website, then we also track that information. This helps us maximize our internet exposure and understand our users' interests. All this information is collected and used only in the aggregate; that is, it is entered into our database, where we can use it to generate overall reports on our visitors, but not individual reports that identify you personally. We also may retain copies of your written communications with Toll Brothers, which may contain personal information, regardless of the medium through which you correspond with Toll Brothers, including, but not limited to communications the Company receives from you through the website, internet or other electronic or paper means.

We also use "cookies," which are small pieces of data (text files) that a website — when visited by a user — asks the user's browser to store on your computer, mobile device, or any other device through which you access a website. A cookie may contain information that allows us to track your path through our website and to determine whether you have visited us before. A cookie contains no information that would allow us to identify you. We use cookies to help us understand how visitors use our website and help us improve our website. You may refuse to accept a cookie from us by following the procedures specific to your web browser; however, this may affect our ability to provide you with a full user experience. By default, cookies will be stored on your device, unless you opt out of the use of cookies through your browser settings or by clicking on the Cookie Preferences link at the bottom of the Toll Brothers website. We use web beacons on our website or other websites, and sometimes permit third parties to place them on our website to monitor the effectiveness of advertising or for other legitimate purposes. A web beacon is a small, graphic image on a webpage, web-based document or in an e-mail message that is designed to allow the website owner or a third party to monitor who is visiting a website. Web beacons are often invisible to the user because they are typically very small (only 1-by-1 pixel) and the same color as the background of the webpage, document, or e-mail message. Web beacons are represented as HTML IMG tags in the webpage; users can click on "view profiles" of the webpage to see whether the page is using a web beacon.

Targeted Ads

We may use third-party ad servers (or ad networks) to deliver ads to you on our behalf. These third-party ad servers may collect and use non-personal information about your visits to our website to present advertisements that may be of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice, or to opt out of having this information used by third-party ad servers to provide targeted ads, please visit https://www.networkadvertising.org.

Google Analytics

We also use Google Analytics, which uses first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and/or other first-party identifiers, and/or third-party cookies (such as Google Advertising cookies) or other third-party identifiers to make advertising more engaging to our users. Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google that utilizes the data collected across multiple devices to track and examine the use of this website to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. The Google Analytics features we have implemented include Remarketing with Google Analytics; Google Display Network Impression Reporting; Google Signals; and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting.

You may opt out of Google Analytics tracking by visiting https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.

Google Maps

We provide access to Google Maps. We do not collect information through Google Maps. Personal information about you may be gathered, used, and processed by Google in accordance with Google's privacy policy. Google's privacy policy, including its policy in connection with Google maps, is available at https://www.google.com/privacy.html.

Do Not Track

Our websites do not currently support Do Not Track (DNT). DNT is a privacy preference that you can set in your web browser to indicate that you do not want certain information about your webpage visits collected across websites when you have not interacted with that service on the page. For all the details, including how to turn on DNT, visit donottrack.us.

Unsubscribing from Emails

If you are currently receiving emails from Toll Brothers and wish to be removed from our mailing list, click here to remove yourself from our mailing list.

Text Messages

We may offer you the ability to receive SMS text messages for marketing and promotional purposes, including those sent using automated means. When you provide us your mobile phone number, you represent you are the subscriber and regular user of the mobile phone number provided. Your consent to receive text messages is not a condition of any purchase. Consent to receive text messages from us is not shared with or applicable to any third parties. Your mobile carrier's message and data rates may apply. You may choose to stop receiving text messages from us by replying STOP.

We may also offer you the ability to receive SMS text messages for scheduling purposes only. If you choose to provide your mobile phone number for scheduling purposes, your mobile information will not be shared with third parties or with affiliates for marketing and promotional purposes. You may choose to stop receiving text messages from us by replying STOP.

Closing Accounts

You may have the opportunity to open online accounts with us. If you are no longer interested in maintaining an account and you are unable to close the account through the application or by reaching out to your Toll Brothers contact, you can request an account be closed by sending an email to dataprivacy@tollbrothers.com. Please indicate "Account Closing" in the subject or re: line and make sure to include the application or account that you are requesting be closed, and your account or username. We may seek further information from you to confirm your identity before taking any action. We will do our best to honor any requests, however, we reserve the right to leave an account open if necessary, to fulfill a then-current business, legal or other need.

reCAPTCHA

This website is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Children's Privacy

We do not knowingly solicit children to purchase our services or products. Our websites are not designed to attract children under the age of 13, and we do not intentionally or knowingly collect personal information on our websites from anyone under the age of 13.

Data Security

We have adopted physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to protect personal information in our custody and control against loss, theft, and unauthorized access, use, modification, and disclosure. Notwithstanding, no transmission over the internet or any method of storage is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our services, nor can we guarantee that the information you provide will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the internet or through vulnerabilities outside of our environment. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially reasonable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its security.

Affiliates

Toll Brothers consists of many independent entities. In order to provide extraordinary customer service, information may be shared between entities subject to this Privacy Policy.

Employees

This Privacy Policy applies to applicants for employment, employees, and contractors and other guests who provide personal information and have access to our facilities and/or network (for purposes of this Privacy Policy only, "Employees"). The personal information we collect from Employees includes name, address, phone number(s), email address, photo/headshot, beneficiary and emergency contact details, social security or other government identification number(s), certain demographic information, including date of birth and gender as well as more sensitive personal data (also known as special category data), including information relating to racial and ethnic origin, or information about your health, disabilities, sexual orientation, and gender identity, and military status, to the extent authorized or required under applicable law. We collect and process this personal data for a variety of reasons, including government requirements and reporting, monitoring diversity and inclusion and other similar efforts, and making accommodations as needed. We may collect additional information if you enroll to receive certain benefits, at which point you may receive additional privacy disclosures specific to that situation and/or as required by applicable law. We will also keep certain employment-related details, including your resume/CV, job title, position, office location and/or remote working locations, offer letter, hire date, any documents you sign as part of your employment, performance history and disciplinary record, and other similar information related to your employment. We may collect your credit history and/or criminal records data for background screening and vetting in accord with applicable law, for which you may receive additional privacy disclosures as required by applicable law. We also may keep certain data related to your access to and use of our network and/or facilities.

We may use the information we collect to evaluate and contact you for potential employment. If you receive employment with us or are otherwise engaged by Toll Brothers, we may use the information you provide in connection with on-boarding and your employment or engagement with Toll Brothers.

Depending on your position(s), certain basic information may be shared with third parties. For example, if you are in sales, your name, work email and work phone number may be provided to potential customers. Similarly, if you are a construction manager, your basic information may be provided as a contact for relevant trade subcontractors. Information may also be provided where legally required, in which case any information provided will be protected as required by applicable law. We do not sell Employee information.

We monitor employee use of the internet to detect access to inappropriate websites or other misuse of the Company's computer network. If employed or engaged by Toll Brothers, more information is included in our Information Security and other IT Policies, which are made available to those to whom applicable.

Employee information is kept for the term of employment and a reasonable period thereafter or as required by applicable law. Applicant and candidate information is collected and kept in the normal course and may be used to alert you to future opportunities.

In some jurisdictions, including California, employees are considered "Consumers" under applicable law and therefore have the right to make certain requests under this Privacy Policy. Employees may pursue such requests through the links for Consumers under this Privacy Policy.

Rights for California Residents

This section applies to you if you are a California resident: Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA), as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (CPRA, collectively CCPA) you are entitled to a list of the categories of personal information that we have collected about consumers in the last 12 months, the business or commercial purpose(s) for which that information will be used, the categories of sources from which that information was collected, and the categories of third parties with whom we share that information. That information is provided in this Policy, including in the " Personal Information Table" at the end of this Policy. You can click here to skip ahead to that table.

Under the CCPA, you are also entitled to request that we disclose the categories of personal information that we have collected about you in the last 12 months, that we disclose the categories of sources from which that information was collected, that we disclose the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that information, that we disclose the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you, and/or that we delete your personal information.

If you wish to make a request under the CCPA, you may do so by clicking here.

That form will request that you provide your name, address, phone number, email address, indicate your relationship with Toll Brothers, and specify your request under the CCPA. We use this information solely to verify and respond to your request. You may also make a request by calling us at 1-844-641-5931 and providing the same information. Either way, we may follow up with you by telephone if additional information is necessary to verify your request. Upon verification, we will endeavor to respond to you within 45 days of receiving your request. If you are an authorized agent of a California resident and wish to make a request under the CCPA for that California resident, you may make a request by calling us at 1-844-641-5931 and providing the same information described above for both you and the California resident for whom you are the authorized agent. We will follow up with you by telephone to request appropriate written authorization confirming that you are authorized to make the request on behalf of the California resident.

Under the CCPA, you are also entitled to request that we disclose the categories of personal information that we sold about you in the last 12 months, the categories of third parties to whom that information was sold (by category of personal information for each such third party), and the categories of personal information that we disclosed about you for a business purpose. Please understand that, although Toll Brothers may provide information to certain third parties, as more fully set forth in the chart below, Toll Brothers does not and will not sell personal information, nor have we done so in the twelve-month period prior to the date of this Policy.

The CCPA also protects you from discrimination because you exercised any of your rights under the CCPA, including, for example, being denied goods or services, being charged different prices or rates (including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties), being provided a different level or quality of goods or services, or having a business suggest that a consumer will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services. Rest assured that we do not and will not discriminate against you because you exercise any of your rights under the CCPA.

Lastly, the CCPA requires us to state whether we sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age without affirmative authorization. We do not intentionally collect such information, and to the extent we inadvertently or otherwise collect such information, we do not sell it.

Rights for Colorado Residents

Under the Colorado Privacy Act (CPA), consumers resident in Colorado (Colorado "Consumers", as defined in the CPA) have certain rights as more fully set forth herein, including the right to opt out of certain processing activity, right of access, right to correction, right to deletion, and right to data portability, all as more fully set forth in the Act.

Colorado Consumers can exercise their rights by clicking here.

That form will request that you provide your name, address, cell phone number, email address, indicate your relationship with Toll Brothers, and specify your request under the CPA. We use this information solely to verify and respond to your request. You may also make a request by calling us at 1-844-641-5931 and providing the same information. Either way, we may follow up with you by telephone if additional information is necessary to verify your request. If you are an authorized agent of a Colorado Consumer and wish to make a request under the CPA for that Colorado Consumer, you may make a request by calling us at 1-844-641-5931 and providing the same information described above for both you and the Colorado Consumer for whom you are the authorized agent. We will follow up with you by telephone to request appropriate written authorization confirming that you are authorized to make the request on behalf of the Colorado Consumer.

Rights for Connecticut Residents

Under the Connecticut Data Privacy Act (CDPA), consumers resident in Connecticut (Connecticut "Consumers", as defined in the CDPA) have certain rights as more fully set forth herein.

These rights include the right to confirm whether or not we are processing your personal data and access such personal data, unless such confirmation or access would require us to reveal a trade secret; correct inaccuracies in the your personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the purposes of the processing of the your personal data; delete personal data provided by, or obtained about, you; obtain a copy of the your personal data processed by the Company, in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit the data to another controller without hindrance, where the processing is carried out by automated means, provided we shall not be required to reveal any trade secret; and opt out of the processing of the personal data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of personal data, or profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effect concerning you.

Connecticut Consumers can exercise their rights by clicking here.

That form will request that you provide your name, address, cell phone number, email address, indicate your relationship with Toll Brothers, and specify your request under the CDPA. We use this information solely to verify and respond to your request. You may also make a request by calling us at 1-844-641-5931 and providing the same information. Either way, we may follow up with you by telephone if additional information is necessary to verify your request. If you are an authorized agent of a Connecticut Consumer and wish to make a request under the CDPA for that Connecticut Consumer, you may make a request by calling us at 1-844-641-5931 and providing the same information described above for both you and the Connecticut Consumer for whom you are the authorized agent. We will follow up with you by telephone to request appropriate written authorization confirming that you are authorized to make the request on behalf of the Connecticut Consumer.

If a Connecticut Consumer is unhappy with our response, an appeal can be made by clicking here.

Rights for Delaware Residents

Under the Delaware Personal Data Privacy Act (DPDPA), consumers resident in Delaware (Delaware "Consumers", as defined in the DPDPA) have certain rights as more fully set forth herein. For Delaware Consumers, the categories of personal data that the Company processes and the Company's purposes for processing the personal data, the categories of personal data that the Company shares with third parties, and the categories of third parties with which the Company shares personal data are set forth in the Personal Information Table, below.

Delaware consumers have certain rights, including the right to confirm whether the Company is processing your personal data and access such personal data, unless such confirmation or access would require the Company to reveal a trade secret; correct inaccuracies in your personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the purpose of the processing of the personal data; delete personal data provided by, or obtained about, you; obtain a copy of your personal data processed by the Company, in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit the data to another controller without hindrance, where the processing is carried out by automated means, provided the Company shall not be required to reveal any trade secret; obtain a list of the categories of third parties to which the Company has disclosed your personal data; and opt out of the processing of personal data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of personal data, with exceptions, or profiling in furtherance of solely-automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you.

Delaware Consumers can exercise their rights by clicking, here. If a Delaware Consumer is unhappy with our response, and appeal can be made by clicking, here.

Rights for Maryland Residents

Under the Maryland Online Data Privacy Act of 2024 (MODPA), consumers resident in Maryland (Maryland "Consumers", as defined in the MODPA) have certain rights as more fully set forth herein. For Maryland Consumers, the categories of personal data processed by the Company, the purposes for processing personal data, the categories of third parties with which the Company shares personal data, and the categories of personal data that the Company shares with third parties are set forth in the Personal Information Table, below.

Maryland Consumers have certain rights including the right to confirm whether the Company is processing your personal data, the right to access that data, considering the nature of your personal data and the purposes of the processing of that personal data, the right to correct inaccuracies in your data, the right to require the Company to delete personal data provided by, or obtained about, you unless retention of the personal data is required by law, if the processing of the personal data is done by automatic means, the right to obtain a copy of your personal data processed by the Company in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to easily transmit the data to another controller without hindrance, the right to obtain a list of the categories of third parties to which the Company has disclosed your personal data or a list of the categories of third parties to which the Company has disclosed your personal data if the Company does not maintain this information in a format specific to the consumer, and the right to opt out of the processing of personal data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of personal data, or profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you.

Maryland Consumers can exercise their rights by clicking, here. If a Maryland Consumer is unhappy with our response, and appeal can be made by clicking, here.

Rights for New Jersey Residents

Under the New Jersey Data Protection Act (NJDPA), consumers resident in New Jersey (New Jersey "Consumers", as defined in the NJDPA) have certain rights as more fully set forth herein. For New Jersey Consumers, the categories of the personal data that the Company processes, the purposes for processing personal data, the categories of all third parties to which the Company may disclose your personal data, and the categories of personal data that the Company shares with third parties, if any, are set forth in the Personal Information Table, below.

New Jersey consumers have certain rights, including the right to confirm whether the Company processes your personal data and accesses such personal data, provided that nothing shall require the Company to provide the data to you in a manner that would reveal the Company's trade secrets; correct inaccuracies in your personal data, taking into account the nature of the information and the purposes of the processing of the information; delete personal data concerning you; obtain a copy of your personal data held by the Company in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit the data to another entity without hindrance, provided that the Company shall not be required to provide the data to you in a manner that would reveal the Company's trade secrets; and opt out of the processing of personal data for the purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of personal data, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you.

New Jersey Consumers can exercise these rights by clicking here. If a New Jersey Consumer is unhappy with the response, an appeal can be made by clicking here.

Rights for Oregon Residents

Under the Oregon Consumer Privacy Action (OCPA), consumers resident in Oregon (Oregon "Consumers", as defined in the OCPA) have certain rights.as more fully set forth herein.

For Oregon Consumers, the categories of personal data that the Company processes and the Company's purposes for processing the personal data, the categories of personal data that the Company shares with third parties, and the categories of third parties with which the Company shares personal data are set forth in the Personal Information Table, below.

Oregon consumers have certain rights including the right to obtain from the Company confirmation as to whether the Company is processing or has processed the your personal data and the categories of personal data the Company is processing or has processed, at the Company's option, a list of specific third parties, other than natural persons, to which the Company has disclosed your personal data or any personal data and a copy of all of your personal data that the controller has processed or is processing, to require the Company to correct inaccuracies in personal data about the consumer, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the Company's purpose for processing the personal data, and to delete personal data about you, including personal data you provided to the Company, personal data the controller obtained from another source and derived data, and to opt out from a Company's processing of personal data that the Company processes for targeted advertising, selling the personal data and profiling the consumer in furtherance of decisions that produce legal effects or effects of similar significance.

Oregon Consumers can exercise these rights by clicking here. If an Oregon Consumer is unhappy with the response, an appeal can be made by clicking here.

Toll Brothers generally does business in Oregon using only the Toll Brothers brand name. The following Toll Brothers' affiliates are registered with the Oregon Secretary of State: Toll Bros., Inc., Toll Brothers Mortgage Company, Toll Brothers Real Estate, Inc., and Toll Brothers Smart Home Technologies, Inc.

Rights for Tennessee Residents

Under the Tennessee Information Protection Act (TIPA), consumers resident in Tennessee (Tennessee "Consumers", as defined in the TIPA) have certain rights as more fully set forth herein.

For Tennessee Consumers, the categories of personal information processed, the purpose for processing personal information, the categories of personal information that we share with third parties, and the categories of third parties with which we share information is set forth in the Personal Information Table, below.

Tennessee Consumers have certain rights including the right to confirm whether or not we are processing the consumer's personal information and to access such personal information, to correct inaccuracies in the consumer's personal information, to delete personal data information provided by or obtained about the consumer, to obtain a copy of the consumer's personal information that the consumer previously provided in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allow the consumer to transmit the data to another controller without hindrance, where the processing is carried out by automated means, and to opt out of the processing of the personal information for purposes of (i) targeted advertising, (ii) the sale of personal data, or (iii) profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer.

Tennessee Consumers can exercise those rights by clicking here or as elsewhere expressly set forth in the Privacy Policy. If a Tennessee Consumer is unhappy with our response, an appeal can be made as follows by clicking here.

Rights for Texas Residents

Under the Texas Data Privacy and Security Act (TDPSA), consumers resident in Texas (Texas "Consumers", as defined in the TDPSA) have certain rights as more fully set forth herein. For Texas Consumers, the categories of personal data processed, the purpose for processing the personal data, the categories of personal data that we share with third parties, and the categories of third parties with which we share information is set forth in the Personal Information Table, below.

Texas Consumers have certain rights including the right to confirm whether a control whether we are processing the your personal data and to access the personal data, correct inaccuracies in your personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the purposes of the processing of the consumer's person data, delete personal data provided by or obtained about you if the data is available in a digital format, obtain a copy of your personal data that you previously provided to Toll Brothers in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit the data to another controller without hindrance, and opt out of the processing of the personal data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of personal data, and profiling in furtherance of a decision that produces a legal or similarly significant effect concerning you.

Texas Consumers can exercise these rights by clicking here or by calling 1-844-641-5931. If a Texas Consumer is unhappy with a response, an appeal can be made by clicking here.

Rights for Utah Residents

Under the Utah Consumer Privacy Act (UCPA), consumers resident in Utah (Utah "Consumers", as defined in the UCPA) have certain rights as more fully set forth herein.

For Utah Consumers, the categories of personal data processed, the purpose for processing that data, the categories of personal data that we share with third parties, and the categories of third parties with whom we share personal data is set forth in the Personal Information Table, below.

Utah Consumers have certain rights including the right to confirm whether Toll Brothers is processing your personal data and access your personal data, delete your personal data that you provided to the Company, obtain a copy of your personal data, that you previously provided to Toll Brothers, in a format that, to the extent technically feasible, is portable, to the extent practicable, is readily usable, and allows the consumer to transmit the data to another controller without impediment, where the processing is carried out by automated means.

Utah Consumers can exercise those rights by clicking here or as elsewhere expressly set forth in the Privacy Policy.

Rights for Virginia Residents

Under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (CDPA), consumers resident in Virginia ("Virginia Consumers", as defined in the CDPA) have certain rights as more fully set forth herein.

For Virginia Consumers, the categories of personal data processed, the purpose for processing that data, the categories of personal data that we share with third parties, and the categories of third parties with which we share information is set forth in the Personal Information Table, below.

Virginia Consumers have certain rights including the right to confirm whether or not we are processing the consumer's personal data and to access such personal data, to correct inaccuracies in the consumer's personal data, to delete personal data provided by or obtained about the consumer, to obtain a copy of the consumer's personal data that the consumer previously provided in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allow the consumer to transmit the data to another controller without hindrance, where the processing is carried out by automated means, and to opt out of the processing of the personal data for purposes of (i) targeted advertising, (ii) the sale of personal data, or (iii) profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer.

Virginia Consumers can exercise those rights by clicking here or as elsewhere expressly set forth in the Privacy Policy. If a Virginia Consumer is unhappy with our response, an appeal can be made as follows by clicking here.

Profiling

We use the financial information, which generally includes information on income, assets, and liabilities, you provide us prior to entering into an Agreement of Sale, to help you find the right home for you and evaluate whether to enter into an Agreement of Sale with you. This process reduces the risk to both parties by looking at the expected closing price, the method by which you intend to pay that closing price (e.g., with a mortgage), and the assets and income available to pay that amount, to determine the ideal price range. Data collected and/or used in this process is covered by this Privacy Policy and is subject to the rights and rules set forth herein.

Retention

We will retain your personal information for the length of time needed to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. Retention periods vary depending on the type of document, your relationship with Toll Brothers and other factors that influence business need. If you purchase a home from Toll Brothers, certain information may be kept for twelve years or more so that we can continue to provide customer support and honor any applicable warranties.

For European Economic Area (EEA) and Other International Visitors

Toll Brothers builds homes and communities and provides certain services in the United States and we follow the information and consumer protections laws of the United States and its individual states, to the extent applicable. If you reside, or are located, in a different country, the data protection laws of that country may differ as to what, and how, personal information is protected. We want you to understand that when you provide your personal information to us, or we obtain your information through our systems or other means, you are giving us your express consent to the transferring of your personal information and processing your information in the United States, subject only to applicable United States laws and the terms of this Privacy Policy.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

Toll Brothers reviews its Privacy Policy from time-to-time and at least annually. To the extent permitted under applicable law, Toll Brothers reserves the right to modify or update this Privacy Policy at any time, without prior notice, and consistent with legal, contractual, and regulatory requirements. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. Any changes we make to this Privacy Policy will be effective for any information we already have about you. To the extent permitted by applicable law, your continued interaction, use of, or registration with us means that you accept and agree to practices described in this Privacy Policy.

Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or Toll Brothers' privacy practices, please contact us by email at dataprivacy@tollbrothers.com or by mail at:

Toll Brothers
ATTN: Data Privacy Office
1140 Virginia Drive
Fort Washington, PA 19034

PERSONAL INFORMATION (PI) TABLE

Depending on how you engage or interact with Toll Brothers, Inc. or with one or more of our subsidiaries, we collect the following categories of personal information (PI) from the following sources:

| Business activity | Business or commercial purpose for collecting PI | Categories of PI collected | Categories of sources from which PI is collected | Categories of third parties with whom we share PI

| Residential Sales | In the sales process we collect PI from prospective and actual buyers to provide helpful and targeted products and services, to market products and services under the Toll Brothers brand or from companies subject to this Privacy Policy, to facilitate the sale, design, construction and delivery of homes, to provide customer and warranty service and product warranties, to review buyer qualifications, to process payments and for record keeping | Name, signature, email, phone number(s), address, business address, internet protocol (IP) address, geolocation data, purchase interests, financial information, including information on assets, liabilities, income, and expenses | From you directly, including via our websites, online chats, phone calls, in person meetings with our sales reps (provided verbally and in writing), and from affiliates governed by this Privacy Policy, real estate agents, from browsing history on tollbrothers.com and Toll Brothers affiliates websites, and from marketing partners such as Zillow.com and others | With affiliates governed by this Policy, service providers that help us provide goods and services to you, including for example, design and construction contractors and manufacturers, and advertising networks, and third parties you and/or Toll Brothers engage to assist in and/or complete the transaction, such as brokers, agents, professionals, title insurance carriers, escrow service providers and lenders, to community associations and their management companies, and to certain successors and/or assigns

| Apartment Leasing | In the leasing process, we collect PI from prospective and actual lease applicants for marketing purposes, including to market products and services under the Toll Brothers brand or from companies subject to this Privacy Policy, including those that sell new construction homes, and to evaluate lease applications, to provide customer service, to provide building services, to process payments and service leases, for record keeping and to meet state regulations | Name, email, phone number(s), current and past physical address(es), internet protocol (IP) address, Social Security Numbers and dates of birth for all leaseholders and occupants, vehicle information, government ID number, financial information, including income histories, current and former employment information | From you directly, including via our websites, online chats, phone calls, in person meetings with our sales and leasing reps (provided verbally and in writing), from affiliates governed by this Privacy Policy, real estate agents, and from marketing partners such as Zillow.com and others | With affiliates governed by this Privacy Policy, credit reporting agencies, advertising networks, and service providers responsible for property management and their service providers, concierge apps, package delivery apps, building social media apps, and other services that we provide, and to successors and/or assigns, including third parties that acquire a real estate asset

| Mortgage Application and Financing | In the mortgage application and lending process, we collect PI to review borrower and buyer qualifications, to support residential sales operations, to make credit determinations, for record keeping and to meet government regulations, and to market products and services under the Toll Brothers brand or from companies subject to this Privacy Policy | Buyer name(s), email, phone number(s), current and past physical address(es), internet protocol (IP) address, Social Security Numbers, date of birth, vehicle information, government ID number, financial information including, income, current and former employment information, financial account information (bank account numbers, credit or debit card numbers, financial balances), personal property records, loan and liability information, asset information, W-2, 1099 and other tax information, commercial information regarding owned property and property to be purchased | From you directly, from affiliates governed by this Privacy Policy, from credit reporting agencies, and from third party service providers | Affiliates governed by this Privacy Policy, advertising networks, credit reporting agencies, fraud reporting agencies, tax analytics agencies, employment verification agencies, loan underwriters, government agencies, and successors and assigns

| Home Design | We collect PI from you when you are buying a home to customize your new home and to market products and services under the Toll Brothers brand or from companies subject to this Privacy Policy | Name, email, phone number(s), current address, location of the new home, products to be purchased | From you directly and from affiliates governed by this Privacy Policy, and service providers | With affiliates governed by this Privacy Policy, service providers responsible for contracting features such as floors and counters, cabinets, window treatments, solar power systems, low voltage electric, alarm systems and other home and design features, advertising networks, and successors and assigns

| Home Warranty Services | We collect PI from homeowners for customer and warranty service purposes, community services, and record keeping, and to market products and services under the Toll Brothers brand or from companies subject to this Privacy Policy | Name, email, phone number(s), physical address, vehicle information | In addition to PI collected in home purchase process (see above), from the homeowner directly and affiliates governed by this Privacy Policy | With affiliates governed by this Privacy Policy, service providers who help provide warranty and property management services, including for example, contractors and community property management companies

| Home Security Services | We collect PI to provide home security and automation services, review customer qualifications, process payments and record keeping, and to market products and services under the Toll Brothers brand or from companies subject to this Privacy Policy | Name, email, phone number(s), physical address, home property information, products and services to be purchased, social security information, date of birth | From you directly, from affiliates governed by this Privacy Policy, and from service providers | With affiliates governed by this Privacy Policy, service providers who provide home security and automation services, including for example, product installation contractors and smart home, security and automation apps, and to successors and/or assigns, including third parties that acquire accounts

| Home Landscaping Services | We collect PI to provide home landscaping, services, process payments and record keeping, and to market products and services under the Toll Brothers brand or from companies subject to this Privacy Policy | Name, email, phone number(s), home address, property information, products and services to be purchased | From you directly, from affiliates governed by this Privacy Policy and from service providers | With affiliates governed by this Privacy Policy and service providers who provide landscaping services, including for example, landscaping contractors

| Insurance Services | We collect PI to provide home (and related) insurance services and products, review customer qualifications, process payments, and record keeping, and to market products and services under the Toll Brothers brand or from the companies subject to this Privacy Policy | Name, email, phone number(s), physical address, property information | From you directly and from affiliates governed by this Privacy Policy | With affiliates governed by this Privacy Policy and service providers who offer insurance services

| Title and Escrow Services | We collect PI to perform title insurance and escrow-related services for residential home sales, and to market products and services under the Toll Brothers brand or from companies subject to this Privacy Policy | Name, address, loan amount | From you directly, from affiliates governed by this Privacy Policy and from service providers who provide title reports | With affiliates governed by this Privacy Policy, lenders, property buyers and sellers and their agents, service providers such as underwriters and title reporting agencies, and government agencies, such as county records offices

| Golf and Other Clubs | We collect PI to provide information, including promotional material, to members and prospective members, to provide products and services, to take reservations, and for other needs in connection with the operation and administration of a golf or other club | Name, email, phone number, address and date of birth/age | From you directly, from home sellers and from community associations | With affiliates governed by this Privacy Policy, service providers, other members, as and on the terms disclosed by and individual golf or other club, and to community associations and their managers