-1-
SANMINA CORPORATION PRIVACY POLICY

Updated: October 8, 2021

This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) sets forth the privacy principles that Sanmina
Corporation and its subsidiaries (collectively, “Sanmina”) follow with respect to the
processing of Personal Information (as defined below) of its potential, current and
former customers, suppliers, vendors, business partners, record stockholders, website
visitors, visitors to our facilities, marketing booths and events, job applicants and
independent contractors. Sanmina collects, stores, processes and discloses Personal
Information as permitted by applicable laws, including the General Data Protection
Regulation of the European Union. This Policy describes how we collect, use, disclose
and otherwise process Personal Information about you when, among other things, you
visit our facilities, marketing booths and events, visit our websites or social media
pages (collectively “Sites”), submit Personal Information directly to us on the Sites,
inquire about our products or services, or apply for employment or provide
independent contractor, temporary staffing or other services to us. We collectively
refer to these activities, together with the operation of our Sites, as “Services”.

In this Privacy Policy, “us”, “we” and “our” refers to Sanmina and “you” refers
to persons covered by this Policy.

I. PERSONAL INFORMATION SANMINA MAY COLLECT AND HOW IT IS USED
“Personal Information” means any information relating to or that identifies,
relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be
linked, directly or indirectly, with an identified or identifiable individual. Sanmina
collects, stores and processes the following Personal Information concerning its
potential, current and former customers, suppliers, vendors, business partners, record
stockholders, visitors to our Sites, facilities, marketing booths and events, job
applicants and independent contractors using the Services for the purposes described
below, to the extent permitted by applicable law.

Type of Personal Information Collected,
Processed and/or Disclosed
Purpose of Such Collection, Processing
and/or Disclosure
Potential, current and former
customers, suppliers, vendors, business
partners, record stockholders, visitors
to our Sites, facilities, marketing booths
and events

Contact details (e.g., name, street
address, email address, phone number,
employer, job title)
To provide you with the Services,
including by allowing you to create and
manage your account, providing you with
-2-
Type of Personal Information Collected,
Processed and/or Disclosed
Purpose of Such Collection, Processing
and/or Disclosure
information about our products and
Services; to communicate with you and
respond to your inquiries, comments and
requests; to solicit business or present
potential business opportunities;
marketing calls; sending you marketing
communications; and advertise to you on
other websites; to understand and
analyze the usage trends and preferences
of users of our Services; to improve the
Sites; to comply with law and legal
process; to maintain our contractual
relationships with our customers, vendors
and business partners
Government issued identification, country
of citizenship, photos, video images
For facility security measures, including
issuance of visitor passes and access to
our facilities; legal and regulatory
compliance; promotional purposes, with
consent
Personal Information contained in
voicemails that you leave with us
To communicate with you and respond to
your inquiries, comments and requests
IP address, browser type, device ID, OS
(operating system) type, information on
actions taken on our Sites, dates and
times of actions
To analyze the effectiveness of our
communications, including marketing
campaigns; to tailor our Services, content
and communications to you; to create and
publish content relevant to you; to
understand and analyze the usage trends
and preferences of users of our Services;
to improve the Sites and the Services,
such as by assessing how many users
access or use our Services, which content,
products and features of our Services
most interest our visitors, what types of
offers our customers like to see and how
our Services perform; to improve our
products and services; network and/or
data security; to enforce legal rights and
comply with law and legal process; to
advertise to you
-3-
Type of Personal Information Collected,
Processed and/or Disclosed
Purpose of Such Collection, Processing
and/or Disclosure
Personal Information directly related to
accessing or using the Services (e.g.,
confirming whether an email recipient
opened an email or whether a Sites’
visitor clicked on a link), where permitted
by law
To analyze the effectiveness of our
communications, including marketing
campaigns
Personal information generated by us as
you use our Services or interact with us,
such as name, title, company, address,
phone, email address, role (if provided by
you) device information, usage and
performance information, location
information, and inferences about your
preferences and interests
Purpose of processing
inferences/generated/derived data, e.g.,
to provide and personalize the Services
and tailor offers presented to you
Health conditions of visitors to our
facilities (e.g., conducting and/or self-
reporting of body temperature checks
and/or illness symptoms)
To protect health and safety at our
workplace, where and as permitted or
required by applicable law and/or
recommended by national, state or local
authorities or agencies; where necessary
for substantial public interest in the area
of public health (e.g., epidemic and
pandemic containment and/or mitigation)
Job Applicants
Name and contact information (e.g.,
name, street address, town/city,
state/province, country, email address
and phone numbers)
Process applications for employment;
contacting past applicants about
employment positions they may be
interested in

Identification information (e.g., social
security number, taxpayer identification
number, national identification number
and passport and driver’s license
information, including birth date and
place); legal residency information, work
permit and visa information
Verification of right to work in a given
jurisdiction
Gender Government reporting and where no other
-4-
Type of Personal Information Collected,
Processed and/or Disclosed
Purpose of Such Collection, Processing
and/or Disclosure
identifying details are provided
Nationality and ethnic origin Government reporting and compliance
Veteran or military status Determining compliance with government
programs and preferences relating to
veteran or military status
Personal information contained in cover
letters, resumes and employment
applications, including employment
related and salary information
Making employment decisions
Current employment status Verification of information contained in
employment application
Current or past salary, where permitted
by applicable law
Formulating employment offers
Consumer, credit, criminal and other
personal background information (when
permitted by law and with applicant
consent when required)
Assessing suitability for employment in
certain positions
Disability information Assessment of ability to offer reasonable
accommodation
Results of drug testing when requested
and obtained in accordance with
applicable law
Assessing suitability for certain positions
in the Company (e.g., truck drivers and
heavy equipment operators)
Health conditions of job applicants who
visit our facilities (e.g., conducting
and/or self-reporting of body
temperature checks and/or illness
symptoms)
To protect health and safety at our
workplace, where and as permitted or
required by applicable law and/or
recommended by national, state or local
authorities or agencies; where necessary
for substantial public interest in the area
of public health (e.g., epidemic and
pandemic containment and/or mitigation)
Temporary Workers (employed by
staffing agencies or other third parties)

Name and image, job title/job code, Facility access (i.e. badges)
-5-
Type of Personal Information Collected,
Processed and/or Disclosed
Purpose of Such Collection, Processing
and/or Disclosure
plant, department, location, supervisor,
temporary employee identification
number/badge number; home address,
birth date, phone number, emergency
contact details, medical practitioner
contact details (i.e. name, address,
phone number), next of kin and pre-
employment health questionnaire
Contact information (e.g., name, street
address, town/city, state/province,
country, email address and phone
numbers); identification information
(e.g., social security number, taxpayer
identification number, national
identification number and passport and
driver’s license information, including
birth date); legal residency information,
work permit, visa information; date of
hire; gender; temporary employee
identification number; job information
(e.g., job code, job title, job grade,
location, supervisor)
Authentication and access to Sanmina IT
systems and applications, such as email
Health conditions of temporary workers
assigned to work at our facilities (e.g.,
conducting and/or self-reporting of body
temperature checks and/or illness
symptoms)
To protect health and safety at our
workplace, where and as permitted or
required by applicable law and/or
recommended by national, state or local
authorities or agencies; where necessary
for substantial public interest in the area
of public health (e.g., epidemics and
pandemic containment and/or mitigation)
Independent Contractors
Name and image; contact information
(e.g., name, street address, town/city,
state/province, country, email address
and phone numbers); identification
information (e.g., social security number,
taxpayer identification number, national
identification number and passport and
driver’s license information, including
Facilities access; payment of fees for
services; preparation and delivery of
income tax documents; authentication
and access to Sanmina IT systems and
applications, such as email
-6-
Type of Personal Information Collected,
Processed and/or Disclosed
Purpose of Such Collection, Processing
and/or Disclosure
birth date); legal residency information
Bank account details (e.g., account
number); Financial/credit
information/insurance information
Payment of fees for services; confirming
compliance with Sanmina policies for
independent contractors
Work permit, visa information; date of
hire; gender; job information (e.g., job
code, job title, job grade, location,
supervisor)
Authentication and access to Sanmina IT
systems and applications, such as email
Health conditions of independent
contractors who visit our facilities (e.g.,
conducting and/or self-reporting of body
temperature checks and/or illness
symptoms)
To protect health and safety at our
workplace, where and as permitted or
required by applicable law and/or
recommended by national, state or local
authorities or agencies; where necessary
for substantial public interest in the area
of public health (e.g., epidemics and
pandemic containment and/or mitigation)

Note: Sanmina does not necessarily collect all of the above-listed information
from any particular individual using the Services or covered by this Policy. In case we
use Personal Information for reasons other than those listed above, we will provide
you notice of such uses or obtain your consent, in each case if required by applicable
law.

II. SOURCES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT SANMINA MAY COLLECT

The above-listed Personal Information may be provided directly by you to us in
person, by email or in online submission fields that you complete on our Sites
(including our Sites’ Partner Connect portal) or on the websites of third parties we
direct you to or in employment applications and documents you complete and return
to us. In addition, we may receive Personal Information about you from third party
marketing partners and databases or service providers, and we may combine this
information with other Personal Information we maintain about you, if permitted by
applicable law and, if required by applicable law, with your consent. Finally, we may
also receive Personal Information about you from other sources such as employers,
business partners, third party referrals, social media, public databases, consumer
reporting agencies, direct marketers, public internet sites and other commercially
and publicly available sources.

One way we collect Personal Information on the Sites is through use of cookies
and similar technologies. You may set your browsers to provide notice before they
-7-
receive a cookie, giving you the opportunity to decide whether to accept the cookie.
You can also set your browsers to turn off cookies. If you do so, however, some areas
of the Sites may not function properly.

We may also use analytics providers such as Google Analytics, which use
cookies and similar technologies to collect and analyze information about use of the
Services and report on activities and trends. These services may also collect
information regarding the use of other websites, apps and online resources. You can
learn about Google’s practices by going to
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/, and opt out of them by
downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.

III. HOW SANMINA MAY USE PERSONAL INFORMATION

Sanmina may use your Personal Information for the following purposes:

● To provide you with the Services, including by creating and managing your
account, providing you with information at your request, and creating and
publishing content relevant to you.
● To communicate with you and respond to your inquiries.
● To tailor our Services, content and communications to you in order to provide
you with a better experience.
● To place marketing calls, send you marketing communications, and advertise to
you on other websites, such as LinkedIn. For example, we may send you an
email to alert you about product upgrades, special offers, updated information
and other new products and services. Our marketing may be tailored to you,
based on information such as your interests and preferences (which we may
deduct from your interactions with our Sites and email campaigns).
● To operate, evaluate and improve our business and develop new products and
services.
● To understand and analyze the usage trends and preferences of users of our
Services, to improve the Sites, and to develop new products, services, features,
and functionality (including anonymization of Personal Information).
● To enforce legal rights and comply with the law.
● To comply with an order from a government entity or other competent
authority (including, but not limited to, public health agencies).
● To prevent or address potential or actual injury or interference with our rights,
property, operations, users or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or
damage.
● To protect our rights, prevent fraud and/or comply with judicial proceeding,
court order, or legal process.
● For health and safety purposes.
● To manage our customer, vendor and partner relationships.
-8-
● For other purposes for which we provide specific notice at the time of the
collection of the information.

IV. SANMINA’S GROUNDS TO PROCESS PERSONAL INFORMATION

Sanmina processes Personal Information on the following grounds:

● You have consented to the processing of your Personal Information. For
example, we may seek to obtain your consent for our use of cookies and similar
technologies, or to send you marketing communications.
● We need your Personal Information to provide you with the services and
products requested by you, or to respond to your inquiries.
● The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation.
● The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you.
● We, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal
Information. In particular, we have a legitimate interest in using your Personal
Information for the purposes set forth in the table above.

V. HOW SANMINA MAY DISCLOSE PERSONAL INFORMATION

Sanmina may disclose the Personal Information we process about you to its own
employees who have an appropriate business need to access such information, to
third parties retained by Sanmina to assist us in providing our Services or, when
required or appropriate to our auditors, attorneys and other, professional advisors,
insurance companies and brokers and financial institutions, in all cases only as needed
to fulfill the purposes described in this Policy or otherwise disclosed to you at the
time of collection. The items disclosed in the table above under “Type of Personal
Information Collected, Processed and/or Disclosed” are the only Personal Information
shared with authorized employees and such third parties. When required by
applicable law and as appropriate, we enter into data processing agreements or
similar agreements with the third parties to maintain the privacy and security of the
Personal Information that is processed. If Sanmina is involved in a merger, acquisition,
financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of Sanmina
assets or transition of service to another provider, Personal Information may be
disclosed or transferred as part of such a transaction , as permitted by law or contract.
Sanmina may also disclose Personal Information in order to comply with the law or
legal process and to enforce legal rights.

Additional privacy information for California residents can be found in Appendix
1 to this Policy.

VI. HOW SANMINA PROTECTS PERSONAL INFORMATION

-9-
Sanmina maintains administrative, technical and physical safeguards that
Sanmina believes are appropriate to protect Personal Information against accidental
or unlawful destruction, accidental loss, unauthorized alteration, unauthorized
disclosure or access, misuse, and any other unlawful form of processing of the
Personal Information in Sanmina’s possession.
Sanmina completes periodic reviews of its databases, and has established
specific time limits for data deletion, taking into account the type of data and its uses,
mandatory retention periods and the statute of limitations.
VII. RIGHTS AND CHOICES

a. Potential, current and former customers, suppliers, vendors, business
partners, visitors to our Sites, facilities, marketing booths and events

You may choose not to use the Services, in which case no Personal Information
about you will be collected or processed. Most web browsers automatically accept
cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you
prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the Sites. If you receive
an email from us, you may opt out from receiving electronic marketing
communications by clicking on the unsubscribe link provided within the electronic
communication or by request in the event of an email message directly from an
individual sales representative.

b. Job Applicants and Independent Contractors
Job applicants may choose not to provide Personal Information to Sanmina.
However, to the extent it is not supplied, Sanmina would not be able to assess the
suitability of such persons for employment and therefore to employ such persons.
Similarly, we would not be able to enter into agreements with independent
contractors who do not provide us with the Personal Information needed in order to
retain them and pay them for their services.
c. Temporary Workers (employed by staffing agencies or other third parties)

Sanmina collects only limited personal information from temporary workers
who are employed by staffing agencies or other third parties and who are assigned by
such third parties to work at our facilities. Should such persons not provide such
information to Sanmina, we would not be able to permit them to work at our facilities
or to access our IT systems.

d. Consent

Where required by law, we obtain your consent for the processing of sensitive
Personal Information. If we rely on consent for the processing of your Personal
Information, you have the right to withdraw it at any time and free of charge. When
-10-
you do so, this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before your consent
withdrawal.

e. Privacy Rights
In certain jurisdictions, you may have the right to (1) request access and
receive information about the Personal Information Sanmina maintains about you, (2)
update and correct inaccuracies in your Personal Information, (3) restrict or object to
the processing of your Personal Information, (4) have the information blocked,
anonymized or deleted, as appropriate, (5) transfer or receive a copy of your Persona l
Information, (6) opt -out of certain sharing with third parties, and (7) lodge a
complaint with the relevant data protection authority in the country in which you are
located, if applicable.
Those rights may be limited in some circumstances by local law requirements.
For example, we may need to retain or share certain personal information for
business purposes, to complete transactions you have requested, to comply with our
legal obligations, and for other purposes as required or permitted by law. You may
exercise the rights specified in this section by contacting us as specified below.

VIII. DATA TRANSFERS
Personal Information that Sanmina collects may be stored, processed or
transferred to any of Sanmina’s or third party vendors’ locations or computer systems,
wherever located. Personal Information may be transferred to countries that do not
have the same data protection laws as the country in which the data was originally
collected. Regardless of where Sanmina stores, processes or transfers Personal
Information, it will protect that information as described in this Policy. If you are
located in the European Economic Area, we comply with applicable legal
requirements to provide adequate safeguards for the transfer of Personal Information
to countries other than the country where you are located. We may transfer Personal
Information to countries for which adequacy decisions have been issued or use
contractual protections for the transfer of Personal Information, such as the European
Commission's Standard C ontractual Clauses, as applicable. You can obtain a copy by
contacting us as provided in the “Contact Us” section below.
IX. LINKS TO OTHER SITES

This Privacy Policy covers the privacy practices of Sanmina and it does not
cover the privacy practices of third parties on their websites and other features. Any
information you provide on third-party sites or services is provided directly to the
operators of such sites or services and is subject to those operators’ policies, if any,
governing privacy and security, even if accessed through the Services. To the extent
any features or linked websites you visit are not owned or operated by Sanmina, we
are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of those third-parties.

-11-
X. CHANGES TO THIS POLICY

From time to time, Sanmina may amend this Policy. When we do, we will post
an updated version of the Policy with the revised effective date. If we make material
changes to this Policy, we will notify you here.

XI. CONTACT US

If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about this Policy, or if you
would like to exercise your rights in relation to your Personal Information, please
contact us using the following contact information:

Sanmina Corporation
Email: privacy@sanmina.com
C/O Human Resources Department
2700 North First Street, Building 1
San Jose, CA 95134
United States

California residents who wish to exercise their California privacy rights may
also contact us by calling 833-527-0013 (toll free within the United States).
For purposes of Personal Information covered by the Singapore Personal Data
Protection (Amendment) Act 2020 only, the person listed below serves as Sanmina’s
data protection officer:
Christopher K. Sadeghian
Vice President, Legal
+(408) 964-3726
chris.sadeghian@sanmina.com

Local contact:
Helen Ng
Human Resources, South Asia Pacific
+65 6839 8080
helen.ng@sanmina.com

For security purposes, we may request additional information from you to
verify your identity when you request to exercise your privacy rights.
-12-
APPENDIX 1
Additional California Privacy Information
(California residents only)*

Categories of Personal Information Disclosed by Sanmina to Third Parties
For a Business Purpose in Accordance with Sanmina’s Privacy Policy
In the Preceding 12 Months

Categories of Personal Information we
disclose for a business purpose
Categories of third parties to whom we
disclose Personal Information to for a
business purpose

 Identifiers (such as name, street
address, email address, IP address,
telephone number, government
issued identification, or other
similar identifiers)

Service providers**

 Electronic, or visual information
(such as photos or video images)

Service providers**

 Internet or other electronic
network or device activity
information (such as browser type,
device ID, operating system type,
usage and performance
information, information regarding
a consumer’s actions taken on our
Sites)

Service providers**

 Professional or employment-
related information (such as
employer, job title)

Service providers**
-13-
* Sanmina does not sell Personal Information of California consumers, and has
not sold any such Personal Information in the twelve months prior to the Effective
Date of this Appendix.
** For purposes of this disclosure, service providers are third parties retained
by Sanmina to assist us in providing Services and, when required or appropriate, our
auditors, attorneys and other professional advisors, insurance companies and brokers
and financial institutions, in all cases only as needed to fulfill the purposes described
in the Privacy Policy or otherwise disclosed to you at the time of collection.
Sanmina will not discriminate against any California consumer for exercising
their rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act.