This website is owned and operated by Alleghany Corporation. We respect your privacy and understand that you have a right to know why we collect your personal information and what we do with it. This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect through our website.

This policy describes the type of information we collect from you and/or that you may provide us when you visit and/or use this.

By accessing the website, you acknowledge this Privacy Policy and agree to be bound by the terms hereof, the Terms of Service, and any other terms or policies we post on the website. If there is anything you do not understand, please email any inquiry to info@alleghany.com. If at any time you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use the website or provide us with any personal information.

We reserve the right to change or update this Privacy Policy by posting such changes or updates to the websites or emailing you notice of the changes. Amendments to this Privacy Policy will be posted at this URL and will be effective when posted. You can tell if this Privacy Policy has changed by checking the last modified date that appears at the end of this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the website following the posting of any amendment, modification or change shall constitute your acceptance thereof.

YOUR SECURITY

We take commercially reasonable physical, electronic and administrative steps to maintain the security of Personal Information collected, including limiting the number of people who have physical access to database servers, as well as employing electronic security systems and password protections that guard against unauthorized access.

Unfortunately, despite our best efforts, the transmission of data over the Internet cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure. While we will use reasonable means to ensure the security of information you transmit through the website, any transmission of Personal Information is at your own risk. We cannot guarantee that such information will not be intercepted by third parties, and we will not be liable for any breach of the security of your Personal Information resulting from causes or events that are beyond our control, including, without limitation, your own act or omission, corruption of storage media, defects in third-party data security products or services, power failures, natural phenomena, riots, acts of vandalism, hacking, sabotage, or terrorism, and we are not responsible for unauthorized circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the website.

INFORMATION WE COLLECT

Personal Information

We collect information that identifies you as a person (“Personal Information”) when you provide the information to us, such as your contact details including name, email, telephone number and address.

We collect Personal Information directly from you when you provide it to us. This typically occurs when you fill out our online form or send us an email.

We may collect information, which may include certain Personal Information data such as your IP address, from your browser when you use our website. We use a variety of methods, such as cookies and pixel tags to collect this information, which may include your (a) IP-address; (b) unique cookie identifier, cookie information and information on whether your device has software to access certain features; (c) unique device identifier and device type; (d) domain, browser type and language; (e) operating system and system settings; (f) country and time zone; (g) previously visited websites; and (h) access times and referring URLs.

Most web browsers automatically accept cookies. If you do not wish to have cookies on your system, you can set your browser to refuse them. Please review the specific instructions from your browser in order to do this. However, please note that not accepting cookies may make certain features of our websites unavailable or difficult to view or use.

HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT

Most commonly we will use your Personal Information in the following circumstances:

- Where you have asked us to do so, or consented to us doing so;

- Where we need to do so in order to perform a contract we have entered into with you;

- Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your fundamental rights do not override those interests; and

- Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.

SHARING PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES

We are committed to maintaining your trust and we want you to understand when and with whom we may share Personal Information and information collected about you. We do not share your Personal Information with any third parties except as set forth herein.

We may disclose your Personal Information to outside individuals and/or companies that help us create, operate, and maintain our website. For example, we may work with third parties to: (a) manage a database of customer information; (b) provide data storage and analysis; (c) provide fraud prevention; and (d) provide other services designed to assist us in developing and running our website and maximizing our business potential. We require that these outside companies agree to keep all information shared with them confidential and to use the information only to perform their obligations to us.

If we seek investors or go through a business transition, including but not limited to, a merger, acquisition by another company, or a sale of all or a portion of our assets, your Personal Information may be shared as part of the negotiation of the transaction and will likely be among the assets transferred in the event of a sale or partial sale of our assets.

We may disclose your Personal Information when legally required to do so, to cooperate with law enforcement investigations or other legal proceedings, to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of the website, to limit our legal liability and protect our rights or to protect the rights, property or safety of users of the website or the public.

TARGETED ADVERTISING AND REMARKETING

We do not engage in any targeted advertising or remarketing.

NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA CONSUMERS

If you are a resident of California, please click here for specific provisions that apply to you.

DISPUTES

This Privacy Policy will be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York and the United States of America, without regard to its conflict-of-law provisions. By visiting the website, you agree that, except as otherwise specified herein, the laws of the State of New York without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern any dispute of any sort that might arise between us or any of our affiliates regarding your visit and use of the websites.

We and you agree that in the event of any dispute, the party wishing to address the dispute must contact the other party in writing, including by e-mail, and advise the other party of the dispute in reasonable detail as well as informing the other party of the remedy being sought. We may send you notices via the email address or physical address you provide to us, and all notices to us shall be sent to the following email address: info@alleghany.com and include the words “DISPUTE NOTICE” in the subject. The parties shall then make a good faith effort to resolve the dispute before resorting to more formal means of resolution. In the event that the dispute is not resolved through this procedure, the party raising the dispute may proceed to mandatory arbitration as set forth below.

Arbitration

ANY AND ALL DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND US WILL BE RESOLVED BY BINDING ARBITRATION. YOU HEREBY AGREE TO GIVE UP YOUR RIGHT TO GO TO COURT to assert or defend your rights under this Privacy Policy, except for matters that may be taken to small claims court. Your rights will be determined by a neutral arbitrator, NOT a judge or jury. You agree that any dispute arising out of or relating to this Privacy Policy, including with respect to the interpretation of any provision of this Privacy Policy or other agreements between you and us, or concerning the performance or obligations of you and us, shall be resolved by mandatory and binding arbitration submitted to JAMS in accordance with its Commercial Arbitration Rules at the request of either us or you pursuant to the following conditions:

- Place of Arbitration Hearings. Unless you elect to conduct the arbitration by telephone or written submission, an in-person arbitration hearing will conducted at a JAMS facility in your area or at a JAMS facility in New York, New York.

- Selection of Arbitrator shall be made pursuant to JAMS’ Streamlined Arbitration Rules & Procedures or JAMS’ Comprehensive Arbitration Rules & Procedures, depending on the amount of the claim as specified herein.

- Conduct of Arbitration. The arbitration shall be conducted by a single neutral arbitrator under JAMS’ Streamlined Arbitration Rules & Procedures. For claims exceeding $5,000.00, the arbitration shall be conducted under JAMS’ Comprehensive Arbitration Rules & Procedures Subject to the applicable JAMS procedure, the arbitrator shall allow reasonable discovery in the forms permitted by the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, to the extent consistent with the purpose of the arbitration. The arbitrator(s) shall have no power or authority to amend or disregard any provision of this section or any other provision of these Terms of Service, except as necessary to comply with JAMS’ Policy on Consumer Arbitrations Pursuant to Pre-Dispute Clauses Minimum Standards of Procedural Fairness. The arbitration hearing shall be commenced promptly and conducted expeditiously. If more than one day is necessary, the arbitration hearing shall be conducted on consecutive days unless otherwise agreed in writing by the parties.

- Findings and Conclusions. The arbitrator(s) shall, after reaching judgment and award, prepare and distribute to the parties written findings of fact and conclusions of law relevant to such judgment and award and containing an opinion setting forth the reasons for the giving or denial of any award. The award of the arbitrator(s) shall be final and binding on the parties, and judgment thereon may be entered in a court of competent jurisdiction.

- Costs and Fees. You will be subject to a filing fee, set by JAMS, to initiate the arbitration. To the extent permitted by JAMS procedures, each party shall bear its own costs and expenses and an equal share of the arbitrators’ and administrative fees of arbitration, and we will remain responsible for its share of costs, expenses and fees plus any costs, expenses and fees required under JAMS procedures.

- Litigation. The Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law apply to these Terms. Either party also may, without waiving any remedy under these Terms, seek from any court having jurisdiction any interim or provisional relief that is necessary to protect the rights or property of that party, pending the establishment of the arbitral tribunal (or pending the arbitral tribunal’s determination of the merits of the controversy).

Class-Action Waiver

Any arbitration, claim or other proceedings by or between you and us shall be conducted on an individual basis and not in any class action, mass action, or on a consolidated or representative basis. You further agree that the arbitrator shall have no authority to award class-wide relief or to combine or aggregate similar claims or unrelated transactions. You acknowledge and agree that this agreement specifically prohibits you from commencing arbitration proceedings as a representative of others. If for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration, each party waives any right to a jury trial. Any claim that all or part of this Class Action Waiver is unenforceable, unconscionable, void, or voidable may be determined only by a court of competent jurisdiction and not by an arbitrator.

CHILDREN

We do not knowingly collect, use or disclose Personal Information from anyone under 18 years of age. If we determine upon collection that a user is under this age, we will not use or maintain his/her Personal Information. If we become aware that we have unknowingly collected personally identifiable information from a child under the age of 18, we will make reasonable efforts to delete such information from our records.

CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION

We do not want you to send to us any confidential or proprietary information through email or otherwise. Any information, materials, suggestions, ideas or comments sent to us will be considered non-confidential, and by submitting the same to us, you are giving us the absolute right to use, modify, reproduce, transmit, display and distribute the information for any purpose whatsoever, with no payment or other compensation to you. However, we will not use your name unless we are required by law to identify the source of the materials, information, suggestions, ideas or comments, or unless we first obtain your permission.

ASSIGNMENT

We may freely assign this Privacy Policy or any of our rights and/or obligations hereunder to any successor.

CONTACT
If you have any questions about your privacy or security at the websites, or wish to update your Personal Information, please send an email to info@alleghany.com.

DATE LAST MODIFIED: January 10, 2020